U.S. Soccer Federation president Sunil Gulati will not seek a fourth term , announcing his decision two months after the Americans failed to qualify for next year ’s World Cup . “ I spent a lot of time thinking about it and talking about it with people in many different positions — many of whom told me I should run , ” Gulati told ESPN on Monday . “ But in the end , I think the best thing for me personally , and for the federation , is to see someone new in the job . ” Gulati is stepping away after one of the most tumultuous years of his 12-year tenure . He fired Jurgen Klinsmann last November after a string of losses dimmed the United States ’ World Cup hopes , and though Klinsmann ’s replacement , Bruce Arena , came close to salvaging their bid , an October loss to Trinidad &amp; Tobago forced his resignation and ended that hope . On top of all the challenges surrounding the U.S. men ’s team , Gulati also was trying to reach terms on a new collective bargaining agreement with the women ’s national team amid their public fight for equal pay . “ Are there things I would do differently ? Of course , ” Gulati said . “ Unless we ’ve won the World Cup , there have to be things you would do differently . And we , obviously , did n’t win the World Cup . ” Former national team players Paul Caligiuri , Eric Wynalda and Kyle Martino are among the candidates for the election in February . USSF vice president Carlos Cordeiro also is running , as are Boston lawyer Steve Gans , New York lawyer Michael Winograd and Paul LaPointe , Northeast Conference manager of the United Premier Soccer League . Kathy Carter , president of MLS ’ marketing subsidiary Soccer United Marketing , is considering a bid . The 58-year-old Gulati , who announced his decision Monday , has been a driving force in the USSF for more than 30 years . He helped put together the successful bid that brought the 1994 World Cup to the U.S. and served as executive vice president and chief international officer of the U.S. organizers for the tournament . He also was deputy commissioner of Major League Soccer from its launch until 1999 ; and president of Kraft Soccer Properties , which operates the New England Revolution of MLS . Gulati was a unanimous pick in March 2006 to succeed Bob Contiguglia , who served two terms . Gulati replaced Chuck Blazer on FIFA ’s executive committee in 2013 and continues to serve on the renamed FIFA Council . He also is chairman of the joint U.S-Mexico-Canada bid committee hoping FIFA will pick North America to host the 2026 World Cup . — with AP	Face of US Soccer since 2006 wants out
I started these to have a gathered collection of all my blogs related to a particular topics that I have written about.Mainly so that I can reference it very easily . I will be editing it ( and my opinions ) as I go , adding on more blogs that are referencing the title matter . In this case that will be On Literature.You can read as you wish . “ IT ” : A childhood Worth RememberingMy heart ’s with you , Bill , no matter how it turns out . My heart is with all of them , and I think that , even if we … medium.comNew Book Recommendations for 2018What are the books that the most successful people in the world want you to read ? Here ’s a list.medium.comMy Favorite Blogs , Books + a List of Reads in 2017Reading these books has changed my opinions and who I am.medium.comPortrait of the Artist as a Young ManThese are my favorite parts/sections of the novel ( title above ) by James Joyce.medium.comEgo is the EnemyThe desire for credit and praise needs to be disposed of completely . It ’s all about the work and the process.medium.comChristian Literature Today — Anything New?A commentary on Mark Clark ’s Problems of God : Answering a Skeptic ’s Challenges to Christianity.medium.comImportant Distinctions in Digression ( in Literature ) In this article I wanted to be discussing the importance of progression and digression in relation to Toni Morrison ’s … medium.comA Postmodern Vocabulary in LiteratureThe postmodern is a philosophical approach to living that is not defined by regular cultural means . In their chapter on … medium.comHow Globalization Helped Language Define ItselfHouse-Keeping and the Purpose of this Articlemedium.comHuck Finn as a Moral Guide for Political , Religious , and Social DilemmasIntroductionmedium.comGod and Stephen Hawking , a Review ( John C. Lennox ) MAIN THEMES : medium.comMere Depression , Lewis the Agnostic ? ( commenting on ‘ A Grief Observed ’ by C. S. Lewis ) I have respected Clive Staple Lewis for many years now . I had moved to Oxford , UK from Portsmouth because of my … medium.comI hope you enjoyed these . I will be adding more on Literature as I continue to publish blogs throughout the year.AND Before you go … button below or share the article on Facebook if you want your friends to benefit from it in some way at all . Who knows ? Maybe they ’ll like it . I write to keep you thinking and to keep me thankful and reflective . Cheers cheers cheers and until next time , keep reflecting .	A Collection of Thoughts : On Literature
On Wednesday afternoon , Dan Johnson , a 57-year-old father of five , drove to a bridge in Mount Washington , Kentucky , parked his car on the north side and fatally shot himself in the head , authorities have said . His body was found on the nearby riverbank . Johnson , a first-term Republican state representative from Louisville , Kentucky , killed himself just two days after a political scandal had enveloped his career . On Monday , the Kentucky Center for Investigative Reporting published an exposé that alleged sexual misconduct by the lawmaker . Here are four things to know about the case and about Johnson . 1 . Johnson Was Accused of Molesting a 17-Year-Old in 2013 , Which He Denied According to the KCIR ’s investigation , titled “ The Pope ’s Long Con , ” Johnson allegedly woke his daughter ’s 17-year-old friend Maranda Richmond early on Jan. 1 , 2013 , following a New Year ’s Eve party , and kissed and groped her . He denied her allegation at a Tuesday news conference — and was never charged in connection with it , though it was previously reported to police — and he said he would not resign . “ This allegation concerning this lady , this young girl , absolutely has no merit , ” he said . “ These are unfounded accusations , totally . ” “ I do n’t want to blast this girl ; I have a lot of compassion for her , ” he said . “ I ’m very sorrowful that she ’s in this dark place in her life . ” 2 . Johnson Was a Clergyman and Had Stirred Controversy Before Before being elected to the Kentucky House of Representatives in 2016 , Johnson was the pastor of Heart of Fire church in Louisville . Known to his congregants as “ Danny Ray Johnson , ” he was a tattooed , dynamic speaker who preached about Jesus — but also spoke extensively about patriotism and a Christian ’s right to carry guns . • Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter . The church was n’t traditional : The sign in front said “ motorcycles welcome ” and mentioned the praise band . Bikers would ride up on their Harleys . While campaigning for his state seat , Johnson resisted calls that he drop out after his divisive Facebook posts came to public attention — including one that showed the Obamas as apes , another that read , in part , “ Islam sucks , ” and a third that stated , “ I [ love ] being white . ” ( He said he “ surely did n’t post anything to offend anyone . ” ) Johnson was narrowly elected in the 2016 election , according to the Louisville Courier-Journal . 3 . Johnson Left a Suicide Note on Facebook Just before taking his life , Johnson posted a suicide note on his Facebook in which he once again denied the allegations : “ The accusations from NPR are false GOD and only GOD knows the truth , nothing is the way they make it out to be . AMERICA will not survive this type of judge and jury fake news . Conservatives take a stand . I LOVE GOD and I LOVE MY WIFE , who is the best WIFE in the world , My Love Forever ! “ My Mom and Dad my FAMILY and all five of my kids and Nine grandchildren two in tummies and many more to come each of you or a total gift from GOD stay strong , REBECCA needs YOU . 9-11-2001 NYC/WTC , PTSD 24/7 16 years is a sickness that will take my life , I can not handle it any longer . “ IT Has Won This Life . BUT HEAVEN IS MY HOME . ‘ PLEASE LISTEN CLOSELY , Only Three things I ask of you to do , if you love me is ( 1 ) blame no person , Satan is the accuser , so blame the Devil himself . ( 2 ) Forgive and Love everyone especially yourself . ( 3 ) most importantly LOVE GOD . P.S. I LOVE MY FRIENDS YOU ARE FAMILY ! GOD LOVES ALL PEOPLE NO MATTER WHAT ! ’ ” According to the sheriff , one of Johnson ’s followers saw the message and called authorities , who tracked his cell phone and found his body . 4 . Johnson ’s Wife , Rebecca , Wants to Run for His Seat In a statement to the Associated Press , Johnson ’s wife called his death a “ high tech lynching ” and said she will seek to replace him in the Kentucky legislature . Early Thursday morning , Rebecca also posted a message on Facebook referencing her husband ’s suicide . “ I Lost the LOVE of MY Life tonight , He was a Gift to ALL who knew him , ” she wrote . “ He was always Encouraging , Helping others , Giving All he had to give and bringing Joy and Laughter to all he met . ” Her post — which was reviewed by PEOPLE — is no longer publicly available . If you or someone you know is considering suicide , please contact the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK ( 8255 ) .	PEOPLE Explains : the Ky . Lawmaker Who Killed Himself After a Sex Abuse Allegation
Why I Teach!In 1994 , I was asked “ what will you advocate for in this life ? ” I vividly remember thinking about my own life and responding with “ I will advocate for the academic advancement of young students , especially those who face adversities . ” Initially , I did not have the perfect plan or explanation of how , or in which capacity , I would do this work . I only knew that I wanted to give back what I received in my academic journey in the form of support and encouragement to students as they navigate their own educational pathways . Throughout the following years , I thought about teaching , but my career path seemed to be headed in a different direction . I worked as a creative manager designing marketing materials for Paramount Picture ’s international campaigns during the week , and on the weekends I taught dance in the inner-city . To say I was immersed in my work during the week is an understatement , yet the hours moved slower than snail mail when I thought about teaching on the weekends.Teaching dance was more than teaching choreography to music . It was like teaching the choreography of life as I mentored my young students.Years went by before I decided it was time to teach more than on weekends . I began teaching life skills in Compton Unified School District , and I taught 2nd , 3rd , and 4th grade . My work over the years in K-12 schools was primarily focused on serving underrepresented students , and I worked with future , new , and veteran teachers as they sought to do the same.My choice to teach , whether in K-12 or in higher education , is ultimately motivated by the needs of our students today . My mentors were not always my teachers , and my teachers were not always my mentors ; however , the support I received from both resonate with me today . I seek to teach with this reach . I strive to be supportive and available for my own students , especially those who have a desire to become teachers themselves . My students ’ stories and the potential impact of a teacher ’s positive encouragement and support on achievement for underrepresented K-12 students are enough to keep me in this field . I teach today because our future teachers deserve the guidance and support we hope they will offer their own students as they engage in this life-changing work.Why do you teach ?	Why I Teach ! – Age of Awareness – Medium
MINERVA ( OWL ) Smart Money on EthereumWe ’ve asked members of Bitcointalk forum what will they asked cryptocurrency/token developers to prove that their project is unique legit and worthy of investors and community supports . . Be sure to read all the answers there ’ gold hidden in this cryptocurrency project.https : / / minerva.comWhat is Minerva ? This is world ’s first reverse Merchant processor . The main aim to make crypto currency utilization in mainstream . Today merchants are not accepting any crypto currency as a payment method due to high volatility in this currencies market . To eliminate such risks , this has been designed in such a way that while accepting the payments through OWL Token merchants will get paid back . Minerva does n’t charge transaction fee instead it pays back for using it . This is the basic difference between traditional way of payment . So to say the Smart money built on smart contract on the Ethereum blockchain network.THE OWL OF MINERVA BACKSTORY Owls were the first widely used international coin . These thick , heavy , silver coins minted more than 2,500 years ago were arguably the most influential of all coins . Through careful control , Owls became known due to great quality and consistent weight , resulting in merchants using them for their portability and global acceptance . They were produced for over four hundred years , and remain the most widely recognized ancient coin among the general public today.So now it is ready to come up again with new look and strengths . To know more , you could read the white paper of the whole project.https : / / minerva.com/whitepaper.pdfSome Important information about the token Details.The total supply is 100 million . 70 million is going to issue at the time of pre-sale and the remaining 25 million will be placed for CROWD SALE which is also announcing soon . I will come up with all the details accordingly.The first business house is going to integrate Minerva platform into live streaming service with $ 20 million in revenues and over 10 million users which is going to make it strong and profitable for all.HOW TO INCREASE THE RATES ? OR WHY INCREASING THE RATE OF OTHER COINS LIKE BTC , ETH , LTC , DASH ETC.See uses make it everything valuable , so to say , here also works the same formula . Slowly by slowly people are start realising the importance of digital world . Everything has become digital . And the very best part is there is no third party existence between you and your cryptos . you are the only owner of your coins.Early adoptors always get benefited , as it is already happened with the early adoptors of BTC , LTC , ETH . Those who bought These coins on their pre-sale stage , they all becomes millionaire and moving forward on the way to being billionaire.Have you seen the growth of these currencies … … … MIND BLOWING !! From last 100 days I have seen such a tremendous growth in them . BTC reached from $ 1700 to $ 4800 + LTC from $ 2.5 to $ 92 and ETH reached from $ 30 to $ 380 . And further predictions shows that in the coming times the value of this coins will increase in more speedy way.And not only that some other coins also gaining their valuation in the same manner . Do you know why ? because this is a Blockchain technology of 21st Century . Taking its momentum . Still it is in its infancy . Let it grow , be matured … … than you will see the difference . Day by day more and more peoples are adopting this technology of exchange in forms of numbers which can be electronically transferable from one wallet to another wallet globally … … . . now I must say Universally , on the basis of recent news , that blockchain developers are experimenting on to use these currencies in space also . WOW ! Sky is the limit . Investing in Cryptos has potential to make a single cent to $ 10 , 100 , or even $ 1000 in a very short period of time.So to increase its value depends upon its uses . Bitcoin price is rising because people are using it . Ethereum price increasing because people using it , and the same for ( LTC ) LITECOIN , within 2 days its been double . I was learned in economics “ WHEN DEMAND RISE , PRICE ALWAYS RISE ” This are all the clues are enough to understand the value of crypto currency business , specially when it comes to be a early adoptors . Have you been failed to catch the bitcoin , ethereum , litecoin , dash , zcash , monero … . Me Too ! So that I am giving my close look on every PRE-SALE AND CROWD SALE . I am always looking for this as an opportunity to be a early adoptor of some good and sustainable TOKENS , so that MINERVA , is also one of my choice , which I consider to put my trust on it , where we can go for do some investment and buy some tokens to secure our future.Do you have social profile for your coin or groups if there are can you please send us all the links ?	MINERVA ( OWL ) Smart Money on Ethereum
The banking sphere is experiencing a second birth , all thanks to the blockchain . It is logical that in the center of this heyday is all kinds of banking projects that going to the ICO or have already completed it . And you may have a question — what is the difference between them and Crypterium?Let ’s figure it out ! We collected information about the projects closest to us and combined it into a summary table.You all knows that Crypterium is a digital cryptobank with credit subtoken and open platform . Let us introduce you other participants to make it clear and honest.BANKEX is It is a protocol that solves the issue of non-fungible asset liquidity . Every token released within this protocol is 1-to-1 ensured by an asset . The PoAP is in essence a combination of BaaS ( Bank-as-a-Service ) and blockchain technologies.Monetha is a decentralized trust and reputation system based on enforceable contracts without third party between consumer and merchants with the focus on payments in crypto.Dether provides a decentralized peer-to-peer ether network that enables anyone on Earth to buy ether with cash and spend it at physical stores nearby . No bank account , just a mobile phone with internet access . The beauty and power of the Ethereum technology should be easily accessible to all.Everex enables you to transfer , borrow , and trade in any fiat currency , anywhere ( no Bank account ! ) . With settling times below 30 seconds , transaction costs of a few cents , and global support , the world ’s markets are in the palm of your hand.Electroneum — is a mobile cryptocurrency , powered by an app.As you can see , the closest on is Everex , who brings pretty similar value to the people . Low costs of transaction , worldwide availability of cryptofiat operations : international transfers , p2p lending , exchange . Everex is about people who still have no bank account to help them to take advantages of bank services through the power of blockchain economy . Crypterium is more focused on inhabitans of megacities deeply involved in fiat and cryptocurrency operations.While Everex do a great thing by involving new people to blockchain economy , You probably surprised , why there is no TenX or other cryptocurrency wallet in this list . That ’s because they might look like our project , but unlike TenX , we create not just a cryptocurrency wallet , but a full-fledged bank with a wide range of services for companies ( crypto-acquiring ) , for clients ( crypto-loans ) and for developers ( open platform ) . Crypterium helps to build a bridge between traditional banking and blockchain . Thus , there is a synergy between to projects instead of competition.Still have any questions about us versus other projects ? Fastest way to get all the answers is to join our Telegram chat — Support team will be glad to help you.NAME BTT : tono68	= Crypterium vs. everyone else =
By Vladimir Novakovski , former VP Engineering at Addepar . Originally published on Quora.I have so far interviewed over a thousand engineers , data scientists , and quants and hired over a hundred within the hedge fund space , Quora , Addepar , and other companies.One thing to keep in mind is that you ca n’t prepare to be a strong engineer or computer scientist . That comes from experience , education , and natural talent and should n’t be done in the context of the pressure of the job market . There ’s nothing worse than interviewing someone who just memorized some things a few days earlier and does n’t really understand them.What you can prepare for is the setting of an interview , where you have to think on your feet and generate discussion , answers , and code quickly . Equally important is to talk to industry experts and understand where your skill sets and interests are a good match , in terms of companies and groups.For the mechanics of the technical interview before you start talking to companies , I ’d suggest Codefights . They have an excellent set of technical problems that map out to actual questions asked in interviews and a robust platform to solve these problems and get realtime feedback with a low time commitment from your end.Once you ’re ready , you need to understand what particular companies are looking for and how your strengths apply . If you are interested in practice interviews and feedback on how you index on these dimensions , I recommend checking out HiDimensional , a new recruiting platform that connects candidates with established industry veterans for technical interviews and referrals . Full disclosure : I am an advisor to the company.The main benefit in the platform , beyond the personalized feedback interviewers like myself share , is that we write recommendations of candidates who do well and refer those candidates to startups hiring on the platform that match their skill set . It ’s an effective way of understanding your strengths and interests and fast-tracking the hiring process with a credible endorsement.By Vladimir Novakovski , former VP Engineering at Addepar . Originally published on Quora.For more trending tech answers from Quora , visit HackerNoon.com/quora .	How the Hiring Manager Wants You To Prepare for a Software Engineering Job Interview
Apps like Hulu now work with Alexa on the Amazon Fire TV . Amazon To watch the latest episode of " This is Us " on your Amazon Fire TV , all you have to do now is ask Alexa to play it . Amazon on Thursday expanded the capabilities of its voice assistant to work with third-party apps on its TV box . The initial list includes Bravo , CBS All Access , Hulu , NBC , Showtime and Sony PlayStation Vue . ( CBS also owns CNET ) . Previously , you could use the Echo , Echo Dot or Echo Show to search and control playback of Amazon Prime Video movies and TV shows on the Fire TV . Now you 'll be able to use your voice to search , control playback and change the channel within the supported third party apps . You can say , for instance , " Alexa , watch ' The Handmaid 's Tale ' " or " Alexa , play ' Homeland . ' " You can also ask Alexa to pause , fast-forward , fast-forward five minutes , rewind , play , go to the next episode , start over and other similar commands . Those basic commands also work with Amazon Prime Video . If you do n't have an Echo paired to your Fire TV , you can press and hold a button on your Alexa voice remote or Fire TV remote app to search and control what you want to watch . Amazon 's Alexa has become one of the most-used voice assistants on the market . Since launching the first Echo in late 2014 , Amazon has sold 20 million smart speakers in the US , taking 73 percent of that market , according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners . Making Alexa work with third party TV apps is just the latest push by Amazon in its efforts to expand its voice assistant 's capabilities . ' Alexa , be more human ' : Inside Amazon 's effort to make its voice assistant smarter , chattier and more like you.The Smartest Stuff : Innovators are thinking up new ways to make you , and the things around you , smarter .	You can now control apps like Hulu with Alexa on Amazon 's Fire TV
If there 's anything that can put Roy Moore in his rightful place besides jail , it 's Jimmy Kimmel . After allegations against the current judge and Republican Senate candidate 's sexual encounters with children have turned into headlines in recent weeks , Moore still for some reason is running for public office and refusing to step down . In response to this , comedian Tony Barbieri crashed a pro-Moore rally posing as a supporter , and his affiliation with stunts like this for Jimmy Kimmel Live ! has the alleged child molester finding the time to attack the Kimmel on Twitter . " If you want to mock our Christian values , come down here to Alabama and do it man to man , " the judge wrote to Kimmel on Twitter , linking to a Breitbart story about Barbieri 's interruption . Kimmel 's response was biting and quick . " Sounds good Roy — let me know when you get some Christian values and I 'll be there ! " he wrote , dropping a mic at the exact same time he sent the tweet to the world . It 's unclear if Barbieri 's stunt was for the late night show , but regardless , Kimmel 's clap back brought up perfect GIF reactions from folks who stood by his clever retort .	Jimmy Kimmel comes for Roy Moore and his ' Christian values ' with one perfect tweet
A handful of new rewards have been added to the My Nintendo program . While most of the rewards come in the form of discounts on select 3DS and Wii U titles , as per usual , they also include full game downloads for a couple of well-received indie titles on both platforms.For a limited time , My Nintendo members can redeem their Gold points for four possible games -- two across each console . 3DS owners can choose from Toki Tori 3D ( 20 Gold points ) and Retro City Rampage DX ( 80 Gold points ) . Those with a Wii U , meanwhile , can exchange their points for the shoot - 'em - up XType Plus ( 30 Gold points ) , as well as the stylish pop-up book adventure game Tengami ( 80 Gold points ) . Each reward will only be available until January 27 , 2018 . In addition to the aforementioned titles , December 's batch of rewards also includes discounts on several Wii U and 3DS titles from Nintendo . On Wii U , members can get 30 % off of Nintendo Land ( 50 Gold points ) ; 3DS owners can get a 20 % discount on Poochy &amp; Yoshi 's Woolly World ( 60 Gold points ) and 50 % off Tokyo Crash Mobs ( 270 Platinum points ) . You can also still find discounts on several classic Zelda games , which were added to the rewards catalog earlier this month to commemorate the release of The Legend of Zelda : Breath of the Wild Explorer 's Edition and the Link Edition 2DS bundle . Members can trade their points for 40 % off Tri Force Heroes ( 120 Gold points ) , Skyward Sword ( 50 Gold points ) , Majora 's Mask 3D ( 120 Gold points ) , and A Link to the Past ( 250 Platinum points ) . You can find the full rewards catalog on My Nintendo .	December 's My Nintendo Rewards Include More Free 3DS And Wii U Games And Discounts
After taking office in January , Tan Kiat How , CEO of Singapore ’s Infocomm Media Development Authority spoke to Variety at the Singapore Media Festival . He discussed new initiatives and the performance of existing ones . Variety : What new initiatives the IMDA has launched in the film and TV space ? What is it planning to launch ? Tan Kiat How , IMDA : “ We are actively working to upskill Singapore ’s media talent , and open new opportunities for them to create content for global audiences and digital platforms through collaborations with industry partners such as HBO Asia and Discovery Networks Asia-Pacific . For example , two VR short films by Singapore companies have been commissioned and will be the first in Asia to premiere to international audiences on Discovery ’s VR app , which has drawn over 4 million downloads and over 141 million global views to date . “ We are also stepping up efforts to harness the potential of digital platforms and new technologies to keep public service content fresh and innovative for Singaporean audiences . IMDA is supporting local filmmakers to produce original public service content delivered over local video entertainment platform Viddsee . Together with the national broadcaster Mediacorp , IMDA launched a Content Development Fund to provide seed funding for innovative pilot concepts , and to encourage experimentation with new content formats such as the use of augmented and virtual reality . “ IMDA is also working with Mediacorp to boost its pipeline of Toggle Originals . Variety : The IMDA announced the Story Lab initiative in 2016 . What has been the progress on this and what media projects have been greenlit from scripts arising from the initiative ? Tan Kiat How : “ Storytelling is at the heart of all good content , and that is why IMDA set up the Story Lab initiative . One of the programs is called WritersLab , which took place in collaboration with Lasalle College of the Arts from January to March . “ Guided by Emmy-nominated project director , Shari Goodhartz , eight participants developed original story ideas , and were matched with production houses to pitch their ideas . Three of the best projects have been selected for production on Mediacorp ’s Toggle . The titles are ‘ The Last Madame of Temple Street ’ by Adeline Foo and Ochre Pictures ; ‘ Senior Management ’ by Mickey Lin and Sitting in Pictures ; and ‘ No Catalogue ’ by Wong Oi Shan and Onedash 22 . ” Variety : How is IMDA encouraging developing the next generation of content creators ? Tan Kiat How : “ By building communities and promoting a cross-pollination of ideas and expertise . “ To do this , IMDA set up Pixel Studios which provides a place for digital content creators and media professionals to meet with like-minded people from diverse backgrounds . We work with established industry partners , such as Dailymotion , Ubisoft , Disney ’s Maker Studios and Discovery to host programs to upskill talent and facilitate learning and collaboration . Also under the PIXEL umbrella , IMDA runs PIXEL labs which provides physical lab spaces for promising and innovating Singapore-based tech start-ups , individuals and companies to generate new ideas , build prototypes and test proof-of-concepts . As of the beginning of this year , PIXEL Labs has supported over 60 start-ups to build prototypes , and hosted over 1,000 tech workshops , meet-up and events . ” “ IMDA also creates platforms like the Singapore Media Festival to bring together creative talent from across the region to learn about the latest trends and discover new opportunities for business and collaboration . ” Variety : New guidelines on the procurement of services from media freelancers were recently announced . What is the rationale behind this ? Tan Kiat How : “ The media industry is powered by talent , and freelancers form an important part of the workforce . IMDA launched the Tripartite Standard on the Procurement of services from Media Freelancers , which outlines key practices that aims to promote a stronger working relationship between companies and media freelancers . ” “ We believe this is an important step in supporting the growth of our media sector , and are making a strong push for companies to adopt the standard . As such , from 1 April 2018 , companies which wish to apply for IMDA ’s grants have to adopt the standard . Mediacorp will also adopt the standard and implement the same criteria in their commissioning process . Companies like regional broadcaster HBO Asia and our local production houses such as Sitting In Pictures and Weiyu Films have been very supportive of the initiative , and have pledged to adopt the standard . We hope to get more media companies on-board . ” Variety : What is your personal vision for the sector ’s development ? Tan Kiat How : “ The infocomm media sector is a bright spot in Singapore ’s future economy , and is expected to grow at a value-added rate of 6 % annually , almost twice as fast as Singapore ’s overall economy . The ICM sector is also expected to create more than 13,000 new jobs by 2020 . ” “ The Infocomm Media ( ICM ) Industry Transformation Map ( ITM ) sets out to unlock the opportunities that technology and digitalization can bring . We are doing this through three key thrusts . ” “ First , by investing and building capabilities in frontier technologies such as artificial intelligence , data analytics , cybersecurity , immersive media and Internet of things . ” “ Secondly , by strengthening the core of the ICM sector and preparing the next generation of ICM professionals and companies for future job roles and business opportunities . Third , by guiding companies and the workforce from other sectors in adopting technology to improve productivity and efficiency . ” “ Our goal is for every business to be a digital business , for every worker to be powered by technology , and ultimately , for Singapore to be a great place to do business and live in . The Infocomm Media Industry Transformation Map is not just about the technological advancements , but rather how we can harness them to improve our lives and businesses . ”	Singapore IMDA Chief Explains New Initiatives
The new Avengers : Infinity War trailer was incredibly popular . Marvel today announced on Twitter that the video passed 230 million views in its first day to become the most-viewed movie trailer ever within its first 24 hours . The new Avengers trailer dethrones It , which previously held the 24-hour record with 197 million views over that time.The superhero epic brings together basically every hero from the last decade of Marvel movies in their fight against the evil Thanos , who is played by Josh Brolin . Check the trailer out above , and click here for a full trailer breakdownIn other news , social media research company Fizziology found that people really enjoyed discussing Captain America 's beard from the new trailer . Mentions about his facial hair picked up more than 20,000 mentions on Twitter in the first seven hours following the trailer 's release . That number of mentions is more than many trailers get in total over their first seven hours , according to THR 's breakdown of Fizziology 's numbers.Overall , Infinity War is the most-discussed trailer over its first seven hours of all time , picking up 1.1 million Twitter mentions , surpassing Star Wars : The Last Jedi ( 784,000 ) . Infinity War hits theaters on May 4 , 2018 . It 's directed by Anthony and Joe Russo , who previous helmed Captain America : The Winter Soldier and Captain America : Civil War . It 's the first of two upcoming Avengers movies that the Russo brothers have directed , with the currently untitled Avengers 4 due in May 2019 .	New Avengers : Infinity War Trailer Crushes Record And People Loved To Discuss Cap 's Beard
Telstra Corp. , Australia ’s biggest phone company , expects a A$ 600 million ( $ 453 million ) hit to profit this year after the government-run NBN Co. suspended sales of broadband connections that run over pay TV cables.Earnings excluding some items for the year ending in June will be A$ 10.1 billion to A$ 10.6 billion , Melbourne-based Telstra said in a statement Friday , lowering a previous forecast . Analysts , on average , project about A$ 10.9 billion , according to data compiled by Bloomberg . The company still plans to pay a total dividend of 22 Australian cents a share.NBN , which is rolling out a country-wide broadband network , pays Telstra to use its infrastructure . The latest delay only affects the current year , Telstra said , adding it expects the move to be “ modestly financially positive ” by the time NBN completes its network in 2020 . Australia ’s telecommunications industry has been facing pressure from NBN , with Telstra projecting the network roll out will reduce Ebitda by A$ 3 billion . That contributed to the company ’s decision in August to cut its dividend for the first time . Telstra stock has fallen 33 percent this year.Earlier this week , NBN said it was suspending sales on so-called hybrid fiber co-axial cable starting Dec. 11 for as long as nine months . The nation ’s biggest-ever infrastructure investment has turned into a political football , plagued by cost overruns and construction delays . As customers switch over to the NBN , frustration with download speeds is boiling over . Last month , Telstra agreed to compensate 42,000 users for slow NBN speeds .	Telstra Cuts Profit Forecast on NBN Delay , Reaffirms Payout View
Throughout the years , the staff of Sport Diver magazine has compiled plenty of lists concerning the " best " destinations for scuba diving around the world , including our popular article listing 50 great dive sites . These lists , of course , are very subjective . We talk to traveling divers , travel journalists , pro photographers , readers and even travel ourselves to develop this content , but we wanted to do a pure reader survey so you could make your voice heard . That 's why we developed our 2017 World 's Best reader survey . We wanted to see what our social media followers and enewsletter subscribers have to say about the best experiences and locales for diving and travel worldwide . Find a snapshot of our survey audience below and the survey results below as they are published . Did you favorite scuba diving experience make our reader rankings ? SAMPLE : 2,981 TOTAL AUDIENCE SNAPSHOT : • 53 years old ( average ) • 63 percent male • Household Income : $ 154K ( average ) • Scuba diving for 7 years ( average ) • Gone diving 27 times in the past 2 years ( average ) METHODOLOGY : • Sport Diver worked with Bonnier Custom Insights to conduct the World ’s Best Platinum Awards Study . • The survey was fielded by Bonnier Custom Insights via a series of email invitations , social media promotions and website ads from June 2 to June 26 to Sport Diver and ISLANDS consumers . • The email blast , social media posts and web promotions contained a link to an online survey questionnaire hosted by Bonnier Custom Insights . • All tabulations , percentages , and other calculations published in the accompanying report were compiled in accordance with established research standards . RESULTS See what dive sites , destinations , beaches and more that our readers love . • WRECK DIVES Coming 12/2 • SPECIALTY DIVES Coming 12/4 • ANIMAL ENCOUNTERS Coming 12/6 • CULTURAL EXPERIENCES Coming 12/9 • SNORKELING Coming 1211 • BEACHES Coming 12/12 • ADVANCED DIVES Coming 12/14 • BEACH AND POOL BARS Coming 12/16 • SHOPPING AND SOUVENIRS Coming 12/18 • TOPSIDE FUN Coming 12/20 • ROMANTIC GETAWAY Coming 12/23	The Best Scuba Diving Experiences : 2017 Reader Survey Rankings
PARENTS are being urged not to become a scam victim this Christmas as they search for the perfect present . Some 65 per cent of parents would use an unfamiliar website in order to make sure their kids wake-up to the must-have toys under the tree on Christmas morning . And with 69 per cent admitting they feel stressed and under pressure to get the ideal gift for their loved ones , the situation is ripe for online fraudsters to take advantage , Barclays warns . It found that a quarter of online scam victims ( 26 per cent ) were tricked over the Christmas period , with nearly half ( 48 per cent ) caught-out buying gifts for someone else . But such is the worry about not getting the best present , that 19 per cent admitted they would save their personal and bank details on an unfamiliar site , while 10 per cent would even pay for a gift via bank transfer . One in four - 26 per cent - admitted they would resort to using the website which was selling the item the cheapest - even if they had n't heard of it before . According to the study , the most in demand toys this Christmas are the Lego Star Wars BB8 figure , Paw Patrol Sea Patroller and LOL BIG Surprise Doll . Overall , buying clothes online is most likely to get you scammed - 17 per cent of former victims were buying clothes - followed by electronic items ( 16 per cent ) and health and beauty products ( 8 per cent ) . ArgosArgosSamantha White , of Barclays , warned : “ Scouring the internet for the perfect Christmas gift can be stressful , but if you lose sight of digital safety and just focus on the price , you could fall prey to festive fraudsters . " Look out for ' too-good-to-be-true ’ deals , and always take the time to check that the website you ’re buying from is legitimate . ” Earlier this month , it was revealed that victims of online fraud could find it easier to get their money back . Under current rules victims conned out of their money by paying by bank transfer have no legal right to get their money back . But a new compensation service could be put into place by September next year to help people get their money back . How to protect yourself from scamsSCAMMERS are becoming increasingly sophisticated to trick customers into transferring them money . But there are steps you can take to protect yourself . Never give out personal or financial information on the phone or by email . Your bank , the police or any other organisation will never ask you for these in full Never allow someone remote access to your computer following a cold call Do n’t rely on caller ID – numbers can be spoofed by fraudsters to make it look like they ’re calling from a trusted number Your bank , the police or any other company , will never call to ask you to transfer your money out of your account for security reasons Be wary of all cold calls claiming to be from banks , police , or other trusted organisations – if you have any concerns , call back on an independently verified number If you have fallen victim to a scam , call Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040 We pay for your stories ! Do you have a story for The Sun Online Money team ? Email us at money@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 78 24516	Parents desperate to buy the perfect Christmas present are at risk of becoming scam victims
TWO Premium Bond holders in Kent and Cornwall have taken the top £ 1 million prize in this month 's draw . In a record-breaking month , over 2.9 million winning numbers were drawn for December – more than 500,000 more than the previous high . AlamyIn this draw , the prize fund rate increased from 1.15 % to 1.4 % , following organisers NS&amp;I 's decision to pass the Bank of England 's interest rate hike to savers . The luck winners are the 375th and 376th to take £ 1 million since the reward was introduced back in April 1994 . It is the first time in both counties that a saver has scooped the top prize this year , with Kent 's last jackpot dished in June 2016 and Cornwall two months later in August . Jill Waters , Retail Director at NS&amp;I , said : " This will be an early Christmas present that our two jackpot winners will never forget . " As it is the season of goodwill , this is the first draw since we increased the prize fund rate and improved odds of winning a prize , meaning that we will be distributing more prizes than ever before in a monthly draw . " The Kent winner bought her winning Bond ( number 273WE102226 ) in May last year , and has a total of £ 34,050 invested . A woman was also victorious in Cornwall – her Bond ( number : 060PV693631 ) was purchased back in February 2005 , and she has £ 20,000 worth of Bonds overall . Overall , for December a total of 2,932,798 prizes worth £ 83,829,075 will be paid out . There were 71,853,493,181 eligible Bonds for the draw . Have I won money in December 's Premium Bonds draw ? As well as the two lucky £ 1 million winners prizes included ... Four lucky savers who won £ 100,000 10 people who won £ 50,000 17 who won £ 25,000 43 who won £ 10,000 87 who won £ 5,000 1,677 people who took £ 1,000 5,031 took £ 500 22,984 people who won £ 100 22,984 also won £ 50 2,879,959 people who won £ 25 Could I be owed money in Premium Bonds ? Prizes often become unclaimed as a result of people moving house and not telling NS&amp;I , or forgetting that they may have had Bonds bought for them for Christmas as a child . In total , there are now over 1.4 million unclaimed prizes , worth in excess of £ 57 million . There are 35,895 prizes worth £ 1.4 million still to be claimed by winners in Kent , while in Cornwall there are still 10,921 unclaimed prizes to the value of £ 406,175 . NS&amp;IH ow do Premium Bonds work ? Premium Bonds are a savings account you can put money into ( and take out when you want ) , where the interest paid is decided by a monthly prize draw . You buy £ 1 bonds and each has an equal chance of winning , so the more you buy , the more your chances improve . Premium Bonds can be bought via standing order for as little as £ 50 per month once an account has been opened . Minimum purchase amount : £ 100 ( or £ 50 for monthly standing orders ) . Maximum amount you can hold : £ 50,000 . Age limit : Over 16 to buy them ; under that age they may be held in the name of under-16s by parents or guardians . Grandparents or great-grandparents can buy then nominate the child ’s parent or guardian to hold them . The winners are picked by a random number generating computer called Ernie ( Electronic Random Number Indicator Equipment ) . Will I be a winner and where can I buy Premium Bonds ? A good way to find out if you will win is to use the the unique Premium Bond Probability Calculator ( courtesy of Money Saving Expert ) . It proves that at every value someone with typical luck will earn less than the quoted prize rate . NS&amp;I lists the chance of one bond winning a prize in a month ( which is now one in 24,500 ) on its website . You can apply to buy premium bonds over the phone , online or by post . Once you own some you can buy more via direct debit on the National Savings and Investments website . AlamyHow do I know if I have won ? Premium Bonds holders can check to see if they have won a prize in this month ’s draw , draws in the last six months or if they have any unclaimed prizes with the NS&amp;I prize checker online . Alternatively , you can download the new and improved Prize Checker app , free from Google Play or the Apple Store . What size return will I get ? On average , premium bonds pay out an investment return equivalent to about 1.3 per cent . In theory this means you would win just over a penny a year for each pound of bonds owned . But because of the randomness of the process , you may win less – or you may win a great deal more . Where does the prize money come from ? The prize money is not funded by the sale of new bonds . Instead , the money represents the amount that would be paid in interest if premium bonds were regular government bonds . The prize fund interest rate , prize values and odds of winning are all subject to change .	December 2017 Premium Bonds winning numbers – have you won £ 1 million cash prize ?
Arvin ! Thank you so much for the kind words . I ’m glad my story resonated with you.Restarting is never easy . Like most things in life , you never really know how things could work out until they do.I hope you have a great time . I do n’t think there exists such a thing as failure , unless there is nothing to learn from the ‘ failure ’ . I ’m sending you good vibes from this end . Enjoy the experience and grow with it.I ’ve also learned that patience pays in the long run . Sometimes , in order to get the things we really want , we need to do the things we may not want.Like getting that job washing dishes or editing all day long just to pay the bills so that we can work on the things we love and keep the lights on.Do things you hate ( I stole this from Tiffany Sun ) , they build your grit . Work hard at the things you love , and be patient with yourself . Good things happen everyday and they take time.Also , seek something to be grateful for everyday . It makes the struggle more enduring.Good luck ! I look forward to reading your journey .	! Thank you so much for the kind words . I ’m glad my story resonated with you .
Two strikingly similar food halls , both slated to materialize next summer in Rockville , Maryland , are determined to prove the D.C. area is hungry for more one-stop shops to satisfy all kinds of cravings . Set about two miles apart off Rockville Pike , each forthcoming complex — one called The Spot while the other is dubbed Pike Kitchen — plans to feature shared kitchen spaces for vendors serving everything from poke to Korean fried chicken . Both share elements with the Block in Annandale when it comes to layout and Asian-themed offerings , but each will be bigger in size . Spot developer Edward Wong , founder behind Akira Ramen and Izakaya in Rockville , tells the Washington Post his place will be more “ modern , ” and that his inspiration stems from packed Asian food courts he ’s spotted in New York and California . Here ’s a run-down of each foodie hub coming to Montgomery County next year : The Spot Location : Metropolitan , a mixed-use site near Rockville Town Square Offerings : Poke District , Gong Cha ( bubble tea ) , Cheers Cut ( fried chicken and seafood ) a dessert bar with Thai ice creams and bubble waffles — a street food craze in Hong Kong Partners : Wong , Vivian Zhu , and Poke District founder Gary Ngo ETA : Summer 2018 , with a smaller version , tentatively named Mini-Spot , opening first in the spring in neighboring College Park . Pike Kitchen Location : Edmonston Crossing shopping center Offerings : Korean bibimbap , Hawaiian poké bowls , a Korean bakery , a bubble tea stand , bao buns , a Vietnamese banh mi sandwich shop , a Japanese ramen counter , Thai street food and Korean fried chicken stalls . Booze will also be on tap . Partners : James Park , a principal at OCC Real Estate whose local restaurant building resume includes Honeypig Korean BBQ , Shilla Bakery , Tous Les Jour Bakery , and Bonchon Chicken . ETA : Late summer 2018 .	Rockville Lands Dueling Asian Food Halls
With well over 2,000 locations in the United States , Waffle House is a place you can safely assume most Americans have been to . Particularly in the South , the round-the-clock chain is synonymous with consistently serving satisfying plates of eggs , bacon , and waffles . This episode of Cult Following shows that consistency is exactly why people keep returning — some even every day for 50 years straight . They know it ’s hard to find a place that will serve your eggs , hash browns , and toast just the way you like it , and with the exact jelly you want without having to ask . They know that even though Waffle House turns out 341 strips of bacon , 238 hash brows , and 145 waffles every minute , that each one will be just right . Click here for more episodes of Cult Following | Click here to subscribe to Eater on YouTube Ca n't get enough of Eater ? Enter your email address Zip or postal code By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy and European users agree to the data transfer policy .	Watch : Why America Ca n’t Get Enough of Waffle House
Between battling cranky crowds at the mall to find the perfect gift , making small talk with family members you do n't get along with , and traveling home despite traffic and costly tickets , it does n't seem like the holidays could get much more stressful than they already are . Unfortunately , the universe has its own plans . This year , Mercury will be going into retrograde during the holidays , which is not exactly ideal . But do n't freak out ! Although the last 2017 Mercury retrograde is happening during the holidays in December 2017 — it might not be as bad as you think . The astrological phenomenon that causes all sorts of mishaps and confusion happens quite often , and occurs whenever Mercury rotates faster than the Earth . It moves so fast that it makes it seem like Mercury is going backwards — hence the name . So , it makes sense that other things might seem to go backwards as well . Mercury retrograde is known for being responsible for miscommunication , relationship troubles , and travel disasters — all things you definitely do n't want to deal with during the holiday season . So , do you need to start stressing out about one more thing this December ? As it turns out , maybe not . Mercury retrograde might be happening during the holiday season , but this year , it may not be as bad as one would think — not as bad as last year , that 's for sure ! Mercury retrograde is supposed to have the worst side effects during the beginning of the month . Since it starts Dec. 3 and ends Dec. 22 , the worst of it should happen before the holidays officially begin . Another thing saving us ? The December supermoon . The timing of this particular Mercury retrograde might actually be kind of ... a good thing ? This December , Mercury retrograde starts the same day as the Gemini-centric December Full Moon ( which is a supermoon this year ) and ends around the same time as the Winter Solstice . According to Intuitive Astrology , the supermoon and the Solstice will help us wrap up loose ends , and Mercury retrograde could actually help with that . Intuitive Astrology reported : " During this time , the cosmos is really going to be asking us to bring closure to the year gone by and to clear through any mental chatter that we have been walking around with . Under this energy , any nagging thoughts from the past or unresolved issues will be given the opportunity to be rehashed and released . " Basically , any time between Dec. 3 and Dec. 22 is a great time to reflect on the past year , learn from mistakes , and resolve any issues you 've been dealing with . This opportunity for a fresh outlook on life coincides pretty perfectly with the start of a new year , when we all have resolutions to live up to . Of course , it 's not all good news . Mercury retrograde happens during Sagittarius , and December 's supermoon occurs in Gemini , which is one of the signs Mercury rules . Full moons , especially supermoons , come with highly charged emotional energy , and Gemini , Sagittarius , and Mercury all rule communication . This leads to an increased chance of poor decision-making and bad planning , which is n't what you want during the holiday season , when there 's so much to be done . The silver lining ? We 've already been through this . Mercury retrograde happened during the holiday season in 2016 as well , and if you prepared for that , then you can prepare for this even better . If you did n't prepare last year , then think about this : you got through the holidays , right ? That means you can get through them again , even if the planets are trying to make it a little more difficult . Oh , and do n't forget : once you get through all of this , you 'll have plenty of holiday cookies and desserts to make just about anything feel better .	The Last 2017 Mercury Retrograde Is Happening During The Holidays — Here ’s How To Cope
Max CovillFBI Agent John Douglas has more crimes to solve.There are few things that have any certainty in this life . Paying taxes and dying is certainly high on that list . The fact that David Fincher TV series about serial killers would be good and renewed for season 2 was pretty likely as well . Netflix has officially announced they are going to continue Mindhunter for the second season in a short promotional video.Nothing is definite about season 2 at this point . There ’s some information about what it might cover though due to the most unlikely of interview crumbs . According to a Billboard interview with series composer Jason Hill , he mentioned that “ Next year we ’re looking at the Atlanta child murders , so we ’ll have a lot more African-American music which will be nice . The music will evolve . It ’s intended to support what ’s happening with the show and for the show to evolve radically between seasons . ” That case took place in the late ’70s where at least 28 African-American children were killed.The series follows a criminal psychologist who delves into the minds of some of the most villainy individuals imaginable . Joined by FBI Agent Bill Tench ( Holt McCallany ) , Mindhunter chronicles the career of FBI Agent John Douglas from his early days and how his methods would be used to prevent further crimes . Netflix was no doubt inspired to continue with the series given the incredible response to the first season . Currently , the show is rocking a 96 % on RT with over 60 positive reviews . That ’s the type of response that earns multiple seasons and Netflix while taking a little longer to confirm this renewal , decided it made good business sense to continue the series.Mindhunter season 2 will likely return next fall .	‘ Mindhunter ’ Second Season Officially A Go
Is the heat going to finally burn Airbnb?After years of grilling by homeowners associations , developers , landlords , neighborhoods and other parties involved in real estate , the online hospitality broker has escaped relatively unscathed.This time , the company is being taken to court by one of the largest real estate investment trusts ( REITs ) in the nation , Apartment Investment Management Company ( “ Aimco ” ) ( NYSE : AIV ) . The REIT giant claims that the residents of its high-end Palazzo apartment community in Los Angeles have frequently been complaining tourists ’ noise levels and general unscrupulous behavior.The court ruling filed by Aimco wo n’t only affect the Palazzo . If convicted of circumventing existing regulations , Airbnb would have to pull all apartment complexes from its site going forward . An event like this would dramatically lower the units available for rent on the site ; a decision would mainly affect the millennial demographic , who are more likely to own and rent apartments.As a whole , the millennial cohort finds itself either uninterested or entirely unable to buy homes . As of August 2016 , homeownership hit a record low for Americans under 35 at 34.1 % . Instead they choose to rent.Given all of this information , what can be concluded?If the decision to stop all apartment complexes from being listed on Airbnb goes through , the court ruling could deliver a significant blow to Airbnb and limit its growth in the future . It could impact the decision other apartment communities across the globe have on deciding to become STR Friendly.Could it also squeeze the already financially strapped millennial cohort who wish to use it as a cheaper alternative to hotels when traveling or utilizing it as a means to make extra money by renting their place?Who ’s got the special interests?To understand the potential ruling in a broader context , let ’s look at it from a 10,000-foot perspective.Aimco is the largest owner of apartment units in the United States . It is using its Palazzo apartment complex as a way to take arms against Airbnb.Airbnb is a service that primarily caters to a younger ( mainly millennial ) demographic . A whopping 75 % of people 25 – 34 said they used a home-sharing service within the past year . As age escalates , that number decreases.The millennial cohort is the largest generation in the United States with 83.1 million members . As this group starts to age , they will grow in influence and spending power.Traditional industries are scrambling already to attract this relatively young group as both customers and employees.The real estate and hospitality industries , in general , have identified Airbnb as a major threat to their bottom line.Airbnb allows millennials to enjoy an apartment or house experience , without actually living there . Apartment tenants and house owners virtually subsidize this experience for their guests.All of this is further compounded by the fact that a large number of millennials live at home with their parents in addition to having less wage growth and disposable income at all ages than previous generations . Because of this , staying at a cheap place with more “ color ” than a hotel seems an attractive option.Their pull to alternative accommodations is significant because over time , if these trends continue , it will create a significant downward pressure effect on the real estate and hospitality industries , leading to millions of dollars in revenue lost — to Airbnb and short-term rentals.The multi-family industry has a lot to gain driving towards becoming short term rental friendly.Instead , Aimco is short-circuiting all of this by forcing Airbnb ’s hand to pull the plug on apartment units . It could create a ripple effect that would deal a significant blow to the sharing economy while shoring up the stance of traditional institutions.What Aimco Got WrongAll apartment management companies have a vested interest in the well-being of their tenants . However , Aimco missed the mark.To Enforce or To Embrace — that is the question.With the wave of Airbnb , we ’ve made it possible for anyone to list their property almost as easy as it is to set up your own Facebook account.So although Aimco states that it forbids anyone from renting on Airbnb where was the realization that enforcement would be near impossible ? We have to wake up and realize that Airbnb is thriving from people , people who want to make money sharing their home . Unfortunately , that home can be any property they feel some ownership of and most people are either : 1 . Not well educated on the rules around legality in their city or legality within a lease at their apartment complex .2 . Do n’t care , because nothing is stopping them on Airbnb ’s site and the majority believe that it should be allowed so like the prohibition era they do it anyways on what I like to consider — The STR Black Market.Now enforcement is definitely difficult , Aimco did have tenants stop paying rent , be forced to eviction , or voluntarily move out.It sounds like they were playing a game of whac-a-mole with tenants and guest of these “ black market strs ” . Unhappy tenants is hell to deal with , so I feel for the landlords . Noise and unruly guests are the # 1 problem that most cities , residential communities with short-term rentals , and apartment communities face.It ’s why regulation and city council step in.It ’s why the industry gets a black eye in many communities.And it ’s why it ’s one of the biggest challenges for Airbnb.But what if they took a different approach and built a short-term rental friendly building ? What if they would have showcased through a program or pilot in one building , 50 % STR and 50 % long-term tenants , that things could work out . What if they marketed it as an amenity to long-term tenants ? Have someone visiting ? Great ! Book them a room down the hall.Equip the program with requirements , enforcement of those requirements and a well laid out plan for the whole building to structure it for short-term rentals . A plan that controls noise , provides the right standards and procedures for what STR friendly looks like and kept long term tenants happy.They could be ( or should I say could have been ) the leader of the “ Standards for STR friendly buildings ” . Because face it . You ’re not battling Airbnb in this situation you ’re fighting the people that make Airbnb thrive . It ’s the sharing economy.Why not embrace it?Source Article Bloomberg MarketsGet em!This is my first article — YAY ! I ’d appreciate the clap , share or feedback . Follow our publication for more on the short term rental industry and the passionate start up I run each day — NoiseAware , cause we know a thing or two about noise control and unruly guests .	Old Guard vs. New Blood , Taking Aim at Airbnb and the Sharing Economy
I have never used this site so I do not know if I ’m in the right place to comment on your article , Alaina Leary . I hope I am … I have long thought those labeled as Autistic have been mis-labeled for society ’s comfort.For the most part , our society is based on the “ pack mentality ” seen in wolves and other animal groups similar to wolves . There is a hierarchy , everyone in the pack knows where they stand , and , the pack as a whole have no qualms about turning on a member who does n’t belong . From the time a child is old enough to begin interacting with others , the adults around us are training us to fit in , do what others do , do n’t stand out — do n’t be different ! Throughout our school years , we divide into groups — clearly labeled groups — based upon our similarities , differences , and what others perceive as our deficiencies . By the time we are adults we are fully brainwashed ( read as : handicapped and limited ) into nice , safe , explainable labels that make everyone else comfortable . Labels that do not really fit or fully explain us to ourselves but that we keep for a plethora of sociological reasons.Some of these labels cause us to believe we are “ less than ” others and often give an excuse for others to treat us differently , poorly , dismissively … And we who are different have allowed these ill-fitting , ugly-feeling labels because it ’s what we do — we go along to get along and suffer the consequences . For all of our lives . A lot of the labels we have that mark us as different were given to us by our parents because of a deficiency in them . So that if we were n’t normal , if we somehow did n’t fit in with the rest of the herd , everyone hearing the label would know the parent was n’t to blame so please-don ’ t-cull-us-from-the-herd-just-because-my-child-is-defective . And all of the former just pisses me off to no end ; especially when it comes to the terms Autistic or Asperger 's . Why ? Because of the stigma surrounding the labels . The terms both allow people to have a socially acceptable excuse to look down upon people who fall under either term when I do not believe anyone in the spectrum is defective . I suspect it ’s just the opposite — the majority of society is defective and Autistic/Asperger ’s are a level above everyone else.What if those who fall anywhere within the ASD are actually the next step in human evolution ? IMO , anyone within the Autism Spectrum are Gifted ; pure Empaths most certainly and probably — depending upon how high one is on the Spectrum — Gifted with other “ psychic ” or New Age Gifts . I think they were born feeling everything to such a high degree , their emotions are akin to someone whose raw nerves are exposed because they do not have the protection layers skin provides . They find it difficult to exist in a busy , noisy , dysfunctional world where there is so little peace to be found.The majority of people have protective mental and emotional barriers that dull their senses and , to a certain extent , help them integrate with the herd . These same barriers that make people believe they are the normal ones allow them to emotionally detach and be cruel , unkind , and lack empathy for others . They are truly “ cogs in the machine . ” Those barriers also allow them to keep going , keep being part of the herd while our lives become more busy , more remote , more detached . More cruel.If you stand back and look , our society is hurtling toward something ugly . We interact less with each other on a personal level . We care less for our neighbor . We find it easier to hate , to destroy . We have no respect for others and dishonor the Earth . It ’s like the world is speeding out of control and no one cares . So , those adaptive barriers most people are currently born with are actually helping catapult us all toward destruction on a mass scale.So.So , what if … . the Chosen Few within ASD are actually Nature ’s Solution ; an attempt to save us all from the destruction society is speeding toward ? Natural Law says Balance . In all things . What if ASD ’ ers are the next step in Human Evolution ? Nature ’s Gift — God ’s Gift — to humanity . A Gift to be held up as an example of the shift that the masses needed to make . A Gift showing us we need to pay attention and go back to simpler lives , feeling one another , slowing everything down so we all actually see one another again ? Where we empathize with our fellow man and take care of each other rather than destroy the planet and each other?Now go a couple hundred years into the future . Man is having to rebuild from scratch because everything was destroyed by the so-called normal people . Would n’t it be interesting if those future people are able to look back on history and see that present-day ASD ’ ers — Special Gifts to society who were labeled , filed away and dismissed — were actually the leaders who could have saved people and the planet , if only the ego-ridden normals of the 21st century paused to consider the possibility?Okay . Novella done . I ’m really hoping this just goes to you , Alaina , because you ’re the only one I wanted to comment to . I hope my rambling actually made sense to you and I really hope you and those around you know what a Gift you are ! Much happiness to you , Sister !	Autism : The Next Step In Human Evolution ?
Worry becomes a part of our personality as we grow up . The only time when we dont worry is , from when we are born to about the age of 5 . Once we reach the age of 5 and start going to school or kindergarten , we are still alright and are able to be happy most of the time but sooner or later , our parents , teachers and other people remind us that we need to worry . Parents remind us that we can not do what we want , we must behave appropriately otherwise there are implications . Teachers give us home work , so when we go home 🏠 then we may not relax but carry the worry in our heads , “ Did you do your home work ” . If you dont do your homework then you may get a nevative point like an orange card or a red card . Your peer group may view you negatively . You wont be in the good girl or good boy category.That reminds me of a story I had read in my German class , many years ago . Here is how it goes . Once there was a fisher man . He was on a beach , he was relaxing , looking at the sky , watching the waves come and the froth that came with it . The sound that the waves made , always made him sleepy.Another tourist was passing by and he saw him relaxing . He struck up a conversation with this guy and said “ hey , why are you relaxing ? ” “ Dont you have any work to do ? ” The Fisherman replied that he had caught what he had aimed for the day and that was sufficient for his needs . The tourist said sufficient?Are you crazy ? You must do more fishing , then sell the fish at a big profit , you can then buy a bigger boat and catch more fish , you can employ people who will work for you , then with the money you earn , you can but an even bigger vessel equipped with more gear . You will be rich and you will have a roaring business.And then , what will I do then ? asked the fisherman ? The tourist replied ” Then you can come down here and lie down comfortably , under the sky , watch the waves and hear the sound of the ocean . ”“ Is n’t that what I am doing right now ? then why do I need to go and do all that when I an already doing that now ? ” The tourist was dumbfounded.I started taking swimming lessons recently . My first attempt was at age 45 in beautiful Queenstown in NewZealand . After 6 adult classes , my fear of water was gone but When I tried to show my newly acquired skills to our family on a holiday in Miami , my younger son said to me , “ Mum you are swimming but you are not going anywhere ! ” 🤪 that was funny.Recently I joined swimming again and realised that the same principle applies to swimming . When you trust , let go , dont panic , act like you know and leave everything to the almighty , you float and if you add a few strokes , you can swim ! Hurray!But no we human beings or at least 99.5 % of us like to waste our time and think of situations that will never happen . We like to predict the worst and that occupies our minds.How can we then live in the moment?By knowing in your heart that , we can not control whats going to happen in the next minute , let alone the future.By filling your day with at least 2 things that you are doing only for yourself . It can be learning a new skill that you always wanted to learn eg sketching or dancing or even sitting and watching your favourite tv show.Have a designated time for that , say one hour everyday . That one hour , you are not going to do house work or any other work except self care 😊 By the time your children grow up , you will be free but then your parents might be getting old . You are lucky that you have parents ti look after . Take over the responsibility because that gives you happiness . What other way to get happiness other than giving back your time and attention to your parents.Do not depend on other people for happiness . Dont depend on your children , husband or sny aunt to take you out . Just grab a train and go for it . This gives you freedom . You get less frustrated and you are able to have a happy environment whereever you are ! ☺️	How much we worry and is it worth it ?
DENVER ( AP ) — A Colorado man suffering from chronic pain died two days after he obtained methadone with a prescription from a Veterans Affairs Department doctor , government investigators said Thursday , but they could not determine whether the drug contributed to his death.The VA inspector general , an internal watchdog agency , said the patient at the Grand Junction veterans hospital was in his 60s and had a history of heart and lung problems . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has warned that methadone 's side effects may include irregular heartbeat and shallow breathing.The doctor told investigators he was aware of the patient 's history and knew about the possible side effects of methadone , but the patient had taken the drug before and his heart and lung problems were stable.The man died in 2014 . The inspector general 's office said it received an allegation in 2016 that he died from an accidental methadone overdose , but it did not say from whom.Investigators said they could not tell whether methadone was a factor in the man 's death because no autopsy was done . A coroner ruled he died from natural causes , but the report did not say whether the coroner knew of the man 's methadone prescription.The report did not say whether the doctor faced any disciplinary action . A hospital spokesman did not immediately respond to phone messages or an email.Neither the doctor nor the patient was identified by name.In addition to chronic pain , the patient had suffered from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , episodes of rapid heart rate and kidney stones . He was first prescribed opioids sometime after 2001 and was written prescriptions for methadone starting in 2006 , the report said . He used them intermittently after that.Methadone is an opioid and can be addictive . Legal and illegal opioid use has mushroomed into an epidemic across the United States , the U.S. Health and Human Services Department says.VA guidelines issued in 2010 , four years before the man died , call for doctors to have patients get an electrocardiogram test before they are prescribed methadone . But the doctor told investigators he could not recall whether he had reviewed the man 's most recent EKG and was n't aware of the VA guidelines.The patient had EKGs in 2004 , 2006 and 2013 , and the results were available in his electronic VA health records , the inspector general 's report said.The 2010 guidelines also call for doctors to advise patients that methadone can cause abnormal heart rate and breathing problems , but investigators said they found no documentation that the doctor had done so.The standard consent form that the patient signed did not include a warning about those side effects , the inspector general said.Doctors at the Grand Junction hospital did not consistently advise patients of the possible risks of opioids or ensure they had EKGs before using them , investigators said , citing interviews with doctors and a review of patient records over 12 months in 2015 and 2016 . The report said the hospital pharmacy now requires patients get EKGs before they are issued methadone . Hospital administrators also agreed to ensure patients are told of potential side effects before they are prescribed methadone , the report said .	Investigators : Colorado vet died after getting painkillers
Written by Alfred LuaHow do you know what ’s working with your social media ? And what ’s notworking?The social networks provide us with a ton of data about our posts but it can be hard to distinguish the signals from the noise.Imagine having a framework to pull out the signals from the noise — a framework that points you to the key information about your social media performance . With this framework , you can easily identify successful posts and understand why they did well.The key is social media analytics and reporting!In this post , you ’ll learn how to analyze , evaluate , and use your social media data to boost and report your social media marketing results — from exporting your data to creating benchmarks , to finding your best times to post .7 Tips for Getting Better Social Media Results by Using DataTo give you a quick overview of what we ’ll go through in this post , here are the seven tips : Create quick reports with spreadsheetsSet benchmarks for your performanceMeasure total engagementAdd context to the data you pullFind out your best time to postReuse your top postsEngage influencers who shared your contentMost of the tips use data from Buffer , which can be exported with a Buffer for Business plan . We ’d love for you to give it a try for free if you have n’t tried it before . You can also get most of the data and graphs for free directly from Twitter Analytics and Facebook Insights .1 . Create quick reports with spreadsheetsThe most powerful tool in your toolbox : The data exportFor the longest time , I was scared of a data export . What ’s a . csv ? What do I do with it once I have it ? Exports gave me more questions than answers . I was frozen.Fortunately , my Buffer friends came to the rescue ! I picked up some awesome tips from the community on the power of data exports.I ’d love to share the highlights!First , export your data.You can get an export of your data from any screen in the analytics section of your Buffer dashboard . Bonus : You can grab data from any date range imaginable ; the defaults are 7 days , 30 days , and 90 days , with an option to set a custom date range , too . ( The Export option is part of our Buffer for Business plan . You can also grab free data exports from Facebook and Twitter themselves . ) Next , import the data into a Google Sheet , or open the data in Excel.Next , set a baseline.Once your stats are out of Buffer , Facebook , or Twitter and into a spreadsheet , consider removing any outliers from the dataset.For instance , in Buffer ’s case , we have a lot of #bufferchat tweets on Twitter , and these are n’t necessarily part of the social media marketing posts that we ’d love to analyze . We throw out the viral hits , too — yay for them , they just kind of throw off the rest of our averages.Then run the averages and the medians to find your baseline . ( The median finds the middle value in a set of numbers , which can be helpful if the data still has any outliers . ) Next , find the rates.There are a couple of rates that are key for us at Buffer : social media stats per impression and per follower.For instance , is a post a success if it gets 100 clicks ? Maybe . Depends on how many people saw it , right ! This is where stats per impression comes into play.We can do the same with stats per followers , which ends up being a useful measure for comparing different networks like Twitter to Instagram . If we have 100 engagements on an average Instagram post and we have 5,000 Instagram followers , that might be an amazing area for us to double-down — especially if we know our Twitter average is 100 engagements per tweet with 400,000 Twitter followers!Here ’s one way that we ’ve heard it explained to us : Crawling : Stats per day , e.g. total clicksWalking : Stats per post , e.g. average clicksRunning : Stats per impression/follower , e.g. click rateAct now : Here ’re some templates to get you started with analyzing all the stats mentioned here : baselines , engagement , rates , and more.Basic baseline template : Likes , reshares , mentions , clicks , and impressionsTemplate for total engagement : All the above plus engagementTemplate for rates : All the above plus rates ( stats per impression and per follower ) If you prefer following a video , here ’s a quick 7-minute walk-through on how to build a simple social media report with your data .2 . Set benchmarks for your performanceBenchmarks can be aspirational , earned , traditional , and competitiveOne thing we ’ll often ask ourselves — just today even — when looking through our social media stats is this : So … is that good?We ’re always on the hunt for answers here , and one of our latest tactics has made analyzing our social media updates a million times faster and smarter — not to mention saved us an hour a day on our social media processes.And here ’s how we ’ve gone about it : Once you have your social media data in your spreadsheet ( steps 1 to 3 of Tip 1 ) , run this formula on each of the stat columns that matter to you ; Likes , clicks , comments , etc . : = AVERAGE ( your data ) . Awesome , now that you ’ve got your average , we like to bump ours up slightly so that the benchmark is a bit aspirational . To the moon ! = ( average ) * 1.5 And just like that , you ’ve set yourself a benchmark!Now , when you ’re scrolling through your Buffer history , you can see at-a-glance which posts have gone above and beyond your benchmark . You can recognize your best posts in a second or less!How frequently should you re-examine your benchmarks?Great question ! I tend to rethink my benchmarks anytime I ’m noticing that I ’m reaching the benchmark more often than I ’m not . It ’s a rather soft science ! I ’m sure you ’ll have a great intuition on when it feels best to bump the benchmark up.Act now : This all just scratches the surface of what benchmarks can mean for you and your organization . We ’ve written a full 2,000 words on the topic in case you ’re at all interested in more . Here ’s a link to the full article : 3 . Evaluate your social media performanceTotal engagement and other fun social media statsWe all might have our favorite actors , favorite foods , and favorite places . I have a sense the same is true for favorite social media stats ! ( For me , it ’s Jennifer Lawrence , pizza , the ski slopes , and total engagement . ) Certain stats are more important to some people than they are to others.For instance , do you care deeply for traffic ? Do you feel strongly for building awareness ? Is tracking revenue a major key to your success?I ’d love to share a couple ideas here , including the one stat that everyone loves and the one stat that everyone wishes came easier.The stat everyone loves : Total engagementTotal engagement is the sum of all interactions on your post : clicks , reshares , comments , and Likes . It is the social media analyst ’s peanut butter sandwich . Almost everyone loves it.Finding total engagement is as simple as adding up the interactions on a post . In your data spreadsheet , make an extra column in the spreadsheet to sum the number of clicks , reshares , comments , and Likes of each post.There are several social media analytics tools that automatically calculate total engagement for you , which can save you some time . We ’re working hard to show you your total engagement right within your Buffer dashboard . Stay tuned!The stat everyone longs for : Revenue from socialIt ’s our white whale!How do you even go about tracking revenue from social ? It ’s not as straightforward as some of the other stats like engagement or clicks . Still , it ’s possible ! Here ’re the tools and steps we ’ve found to work : Buffer to set your UTMsGoogle Analytics to crunch the revenue numbersHere ’s a quick run-through of the steps : Step 1 : Set your UTMs the way you want them in Buffer under Settings &gt; Link Shortening.Step 2 : Head into Google Analytics and set up Ecommerce or Goals.Step 3 : After a day or two , head back to Google Analytics and get a traffic reportby going to Acquisition &gt; All Traffic &gt; Channels &gt; Social.Step 4 : Add the conversion goals to your data table , and voila , you ’ll see the revenue ! ( Our report is showing $ 0 as we have been using another tool , Looker , instead of Google Analytics , to track revenue from social . ) The Google Analytics stuff can sometimes be a bit tricky for me ! Haha , okay — most of the time it ’s tricky for me ! I ’ll often head for help at YouTube . There are some really great tutorials there!Act now : And of course , these two ways — total engagement and revenue — just scratch the surface of all that ’s possible with evaluating your social media content . We ’ve written an article that covers a bit more of the iceberg . We ’d love for you to take a peek ! 4 . Add context to the data you pullHow do you even do that?Social media be confusing sometimes , especially when you ’re down in the day-to-day of it and struggling to see the bigger picture.Looking at the larger trends of your social performance is hugely helpful for seeing how strategies are playing out.In particular , there ’s this post written by the Intercom team that I just adore when it comes to trends . Here ’s a key graphic from the post : The tl ; dr — Data is great , especially data with context!To start with , it ’s useful to have the trends data in front of you.We ’re hoping to make this as easy as pie for you and your team with the Analysis Report . To find your Analysis Report , head to the Analytics tab in your Buffer dashboard and click on “ Analysis ” . In this report , you ’ll see the trend of your key social media metrics such as clicks , Likes , reshares , and followers.Act now : And then once you ’re seeing the trends , there ’re a few questions that might be great to ask : What caused any spikes or valleys?When will we reach the next milestone?Where will we be in the next ( x ) days or months?What factors are we not accounting for?For example , for the graphs above , the spike in Likes was caused by a tweet that took off while the spikes in clicks were due to the launch of our new online social media strategy class.Quick tip : You can click on any point on the graphs to zoom in on that date and see the posts published on that date . This is great for finding out which post ( s ) caused the spike.I ’m just now realizing that it might be a bit hard to answer “ What factors are we not accounting for ? ” Kind of like asking you to know what you do n’t know ! If it ’s helpful , here ’re some of the factors I ’m often overlooking on accident : WeekendsHolidaysSeasonalityMost popular times to share on social ( 9 AM to 5 PM New York time ) Big announcements or campaigns5 . Find your best time to postThere ’s no one ideal time to post in 2017 . It ’s all unique to your brand.We used to think there ’s a universal best time to post.Instead , we believe every brand has its own set of best times to post . Here ’re some tips on how to find time : How to find the best times to post on FacebookIn your Facebook Page Insights , Facebook shows you when your Facebook fans are online.With the algorithmic News Feed , the timing of your Facebook post might be less important but I feel there ’s still utility in finding the best posting times to generate initial engagement — early signs of a quality content which might cause Facebook ’s algorithm to show your post to more people.There are generally two schools of thought about best Facebook posting times . The first is to post when your fans are most active on Facebook so that there ’s a higher chance of them seeing and interacting with your posts . The second is to post when your fans are least active as there is less competition for the limited space on users ’ News Feed.I ’d recommend experimenting with both ideas to see which works better for your brand . For example , we have been seeing some success with posting during off-peak hours.To get this data , head to your Facebook Page &gt; Insights &gt; Posts &gt; When Fans Are Online.How to find the best times to post on TwitterSince Twitter still uses a reverse-chronological timeline , finding the optimal posting times is still very relevant.While Twitter Analytics does not provide similar followers ’ activity data , Twitter tools like Followerwonk and Tweriod can tell you when your followers are most active.It ’s generally believed that if you tweet when your followers are most active , there ’s a higher chance that they ’d see your tweets . Having said that , I ’d still recommend experimenting with different times using the data you have.There ’s also a way to find out the best times to post based on how your tweets have performed in the past . It would require you to dig into your Twitter Analytics using spreadsheets . If you ’re keen , here ’s a guide on how to do that.Act now : With these data , you could experiment with different posting times to see if you can achieve better results . An experimental Twitter schedule , with five posting times , could look something like this : Three posting times in the three most active hoursTwo posting times in the two least active hours6 . Reuse your top postsRepeat your successes by republishing them after a few weeksSo , one of your tweets is taking off . Likes , retweets , and replies are rolling in . What should you do ? ( First , celebrate , of course ! ) To maximize the value of that tweet , you can consider republishing it — ideally with a different copy several days or weeks later . If you repeat this flow for a while , you can build up a nice repository of social media posts — that have proven to be great — to fall back on whenever you are having a social media manager ’s block.It ’s good to remember that all networks are different . Generally , you can publish the same content more frequently on Twitter than on Facebook and more frequently on Facebook than on Instagram . For example , you could republish a piece of content a few days later on Twitter but you might want to give it a few weeks on Facebook and a few months on Instagram before republishing.We ’re hoping that one of the fastest ways to find your top-performing posts ( across the networks ) is in the Posts Report of your Buffer Analytics . At a glance , you can see the various types of engagement generated by each post . You can also sort them by a particular type of engagement such as retweets .	7 Social Media Analytics and Reporting Tips for Becoming a Data-Savvy Marketer
Large amount of people , especially young generation is crazy about different video games . Kids also spend hours together playing different video games on the dedicated systems , attaching the video game packages on their TVs and so on . The controller they use with both the hands to play the game adjusting their own position on the screen virtually through the subsequent cartoon character or the object plays an important role in enhancing the overall gaming experience.The skin colors , the logo and even the print of the controller can be customized through some legitimate online services . Best Modded Ps4 Controller can be availed through the online service and the video gaming gadgets can be upgraded as like Play Station 4 . Aspirant gamers can have excellent gaming experience enhancing the controller . The controller would be really crucial for overall gaming experience.X Box One is another variety of controller for computer games that has been designed and developed by Microsoft . This has added features and ease of operation compared to its earlier version that is known as X Box 360 . The advantage of the online service is that it offers Custom 360 Controllers . Thus the customers would get an opportunity to get the configurations and the features of the controllers . The players can shape the system according to their wish with the help of enormous systems provided through custom 360 controllers.The aspirant players can get futuristic features loaded in their Best Custom Ps4 Controllers that would not only provide gaming experience as dreamed by the user ; but also would keep the players or users free from the consistent need of going for upgrades every now and then.The online service provides the opportunity to the aspirant players to design their own controller with features and controls of their own choice . The aspirants can log on to the official website , choose the desired option of the controllers between the two major players and go on configuring different controls assigning tasks to the specific buttons provided on the controller . Thus as per the actual convenience according to the gaming habits of the particular person , the controls can be designed.Just like a new tennis racket that would enhance the playing abilities of a tennis player ; the controller would be important for the players to get desired level of excitement in playing video games . As electronic gaming can be participate from throughout the world and the players do n’t need to buy expensive tickets to enter into some fantabulous games ; the games and eventually the games and the controllers would remain at the top of the demands . Customization of the controllers would create ease and enhance the accuracy of playing different video games on the computers.The experience of multiplayer games can be made much more adventurous and comprehensive by customizing the controllers . The case , button variety and the thumb sticks in the controller options provided at the online store are simply world class . The authentic guts made by the leaders in the market would ensure fantastic quality of the gadgets and best possible customer satisfaction as well .	Customized Controllers For Gaming To Enhance Overall Gaming Experience
About midway through watching The Disaster Artist , you feel a sudden pang of deep sadness over the fact that it all will end once the credits start rolling . Thanks to The Disaster Artist 's post-credits scene , though , you 'll get to bask in the glory of James Franco 's imitation of The Room star Tommy Wiseau for just a little longer . You 'll definitely want to stay in your seat to catch the Marvel-like ending tidbit , as ( spoiler alert ! ) it involves a cameo from the real Tommy Wiseau . His interactions with Franco — still in costume as Wiseau — make for a delightfully meta moment of art imitating life . In the post-credits scene , Franco and Wiseau meet outside at a party . Wiseau 's character is named Henry , and Franco , of course is Tommy . Henry and Tommy joke around with each other , including Tommy asking Henry about his accent . He says , “ Where are you from , New Orleans ? ” It 's the perfect button on The Disaster Artist 's greatest running joke , and you should n't miss it.Like most things which have to do with Wiseau , his appearance in The Disaster Artist is a pretty funny story . When agreeing to allow Franco to make the film portraying his making of The Room , Wiseau made sure that he would appear in the film with a contractually obligated cameo . According to TheWrap , aside from the cameo , the only other stipulation made by Wiseau when signing over his life rights to Franco included that a Disaster Artist producer would have to listen to Wiseau 's notes on a rough cut of the film — though Franco 's team would n't necessarily need to follow them . On a side note , if anyone has a way of getting Wiseau 's notes on that rough cut , they would probably be incredibly fun to read.Not only did Wiseau insist on making a cameo , but he specified that his scene had to be one with Franco . Since Tommy could n't lose his Eastern European-sounding accent , the scene had to be between two people with the same unidentifiable accent . The Disaster Artist 's co-writer Scott Neustadter had originally written the scene to fit into the movie , but he told TheWrap that it seemed too absurd to have two people speaking in the same accent , so they put the scene after the credits . The Disaster Artist is so great because it contextualizes The Room and Wiseau in such a realist setting . It 's true that a scene with both Franco 's Wiseau and the real Wiseau might have felt too corny or weird to the audience . Instead , what Neustradter and his co-writer , Michael H. Weber , wrote was a hilarious Hollywood party scene which reminds audiences that Franco 's absurd character is n't embellished at all . Wiseau is really like that . The post-credits scene is n't the only hidden moment in whichsomeone from The Room appears in the movie about making it . During an audition scene towards the beginning of the movie , Greg Sestero , who played Mark in The Room , appears alongside Casey Wilson as an assistant casting director . Both the real Wiseau and the real Sestero 's appearances also serves to show people how much the cast of The Disaster Artist looks like their real-life characters . Seeing Franco playing Wiseau alongside the real Wiseau is almost creepy since they 're so alike , and it 's no wonder that Franco 's performance is already generating Oscar-buzz . In addition to The Room stars appearing in The Disaster Artist , a ton of other famous actors make surprising appearances in Franco 's new movie . From Melanie Griffith to Kristen Bell , it 's packed with star power in the most perfect way . Wiseau always hoped to move to Hollywood and become a celebrity like James Dean , and with The Disaster Artist , he gets to be among some of the greatest actors around today .	' The Disaster Artist ' Post-Credits Scene Makes One Of The Best Jokes In The Movie
The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim Review ( Nintendo Switch ) 11.11.11 . The day the dragons returned to Skyrim .10.28.16 . The day the dragons returned again , but this time in HD .11.17.17 . The day the dragons returned again , but this time in portable form.The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim is the fifth entry in Bethesda Game Studios ’ The Elder Scrolls series , and although it ’s more than six years old , it ’s still seeing re-releases . This is due to none other than the game ’s incredible longevity to its long time fans , as well as the market ’s continuous demand for Fantasy RPG ’s . This time , we see a re-release on the Nintendo Switch , the gaming juggernaut ’s most recent console , a hybrid home &amp; portable gaming system.The game costs $ 59.99 USD , as most new Switch games do , while technically not being a new game . If you go into Skyrim on the Switch expecting something radically different , do n’t bother . If you go in expecting a refined experience , however , you ’ll be quite pleased.I poured many , many hours into Skyrim on the Xbox 360 when it was originally released ( referred to as “ Oldrim ” by Skyrim fans ) , and a fair amount of hours into the Skyrim : Special Edition re-release on PS4 ( I ’m not sure if this is ever referred to as Newrim ) . Every time , the experience was for the most part the same.I do n’t want to get too far into details regarding the game of Skyrim itself . It ’s old hat at this point , and most people have heard about it by now . In short , Skyrim remains a fantastic world . The visuals , while certainly dated at this point , gave a sense of wonder and scale that games had n’t before seen at the time the game was originally released . The music , composed by Jeremy Soule , was and still is absolutely breathtaking . Cities and towns scattered across the vast landscape are bustling with interesting NPC ’s , and there are plenty of side-quests ( along side a fairly intersting main quest ) in which to partake . The game still manages to be interesting and fun after all these years.On Nintendo Switch , the game we ’ve all come to know and love ( along with all of its DLC ) is mostly the same as its brethren . Visually , it seems that , despite its relatively powerful hardware , the game is closer to Oldrim than to the Special Edition of Skyrim . Some of the features of the newer edition ( such as much better water visuals ) seem to have made their way over to the Switch port , but most of the visuals are reminiscient of the original Xbox 360 release . If you ’re playing in Portable mode ( where , visually , the game definitely shines ) , this is n’t much of an issue . But playing on a 1080p TV in Docked Mode will definitely cause the game to show its age . It ’s unfortunate that the Switch could n’t handle visuals in line with the PS4/Xbox One ports , but hey . You ca n’t have it all.Performance wise , however , the game is great . It runs at a truly rock solid 30 fps ( I ’ve personally never experienced it noticeably drop frames ) , which provides a very solid experience regardless of which mode you play it in . There ’s even Amiibo functionality : if you have a Zelda amiibo and scan it with the game , you get a chest with relevant in-game items ( Master Sword in Tamriel , anyone ? ) . Finally , there are some added motion controls to the game that utilize the Switch ’s Joy Con controllers . Yes , it works exactly like you ’d imagine : you can mimic the use of a bow with the Joy Cons and your movements will translate to your adventures in game , for example.Lastly , and worth mentioning , Skyrim on the Switch does not support mods at all . This is quite disappointing , as some amazing mods on PC and Xbox One ( and to a lesser extent PS4 ) can truly add some longevity and life to the game and its world . However , given Nintendo ’s fairly restrictive online policy , I do n’t think most people buying the game were expecting anything of the sort , and I ca n’t say I ’m personally surprised by their omission.To sum up my review in a paragraph , I ’d say the following : Skyrim on the Switch is more of the same , with an added sheen of polish . If you ’ve never played the game before , and have a Switch , I ’d fully recommend buying a copy so that you can experience this gaming phenomenon at home and on the go . If you ’ve poured countless hours into Skyrim and are on the fence , I ’d recommend thinking long and hard about buying it now rather than waiting for a sale ( or maybe passing altogether ) . If , like me , however , you ’re just a huge fan of the game and ca n’t resist the idea of playing it wherever you are , then I ’d say this is a definite buy . The port performs great , adds some novelty to the game , and is as fun as Skyrim ever was.This is not a mod . Source : vg247.com	The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim Review ( Nintendo Switch )
Oops.A word of warning : When texting your parent a picture of anything in your life , always check the background.Unfortunately for Maison Vallance , when he sent his mum a photo of a t-shirt she was looking for , along with his girlfriend Meghan , he failed to notice he had left a set of ropes in a suggestive position in the frame.Maison , from Nashville , Tennessee , did n’t realise he ’d left the prop in the background of the photo until he had shared it on Twitter and a friend commented asking what the ropes at the head of the bed were for.Once he had realised his mistake , he entered into the hilarity of it all , retweeting himself and sharing his error.Twitter users loved the tweet , retweeting it over 59,000 times , at which point Maison thought he should inform his mum what was really in the photo . “ I told my mom this morning and she thought it was hilarious , ” said Maison . “ My dad even said it ‘ looks like you ’re trying to hang Christmas lights ’ . ” Clearly his parents have a sense of humour , and Maison is also taking the viral fame in his stride . “ It ’s amazing how viral things can get when a few people with a good following retweet it , ” he said . “ I feel like a celebrity and it ’s great . I would hope that everyone can have their five seconds of fame one day , it ’s a wonderful feeling ! ”	This guy sent a photo to his mum but forgot one very risqué detail
A Ministry of Agriculture official said at a news conference on Wednesday that the pilot program for the confirmation and registration of the contracts for rural land use rights has proceeded smoothly over the past two years . Seven provinces and regions including Shandong province , Anhui province and Ningxia Hui autonomous region have reported to the central government that they have basically completed the work of confirming and registering rural land use contracts . The Ministry of Agriculture said that it has actively coordinated with the Ministry of Finance to establish special central subsidy for this work . Confirming and registering the contracts for the use of rural land is conducive to safeguarding farmers ' rights and interests and avoiding disputes over rural land . The entire work of confirming and registering rural contracted land is due to be completed by the end of next year . The Ministry of Agriculture will enhance its supervision and guidance in local areas to guarantee the work is completed smoothly .	农村承包地确权 ( ) : Confirmation and registration of the contracts for rural land use rights
The Marvel vs Capcom series began as a testament to fighting games and comic books , a celebration of what made them both great and fused them to make something truly unique . From X-Men vs Street Fighter to Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3 , these games remain the most popular and best-selling games of all time . However , although I love copyright as much as the next guy , the lack of X-Men are the last thing that has halted the sales of Marvel vs Capcom Infinite . Superhero fighting games are missing what makes them strong for several simple reasons . It all comes down to what makes the game come together , so what makes a fighting game fun ? Interesting characters , graphics , style , music and a captivating story . By this logic , both the MvC and Injustice series are falling behind . Do n’t get me wrong , the sales of both franchises are good , but looking at other fighting game properties , we can clearly see what needs to be improved upon . When it comes to characters , Injustice has done it right while Marvel has fallen short . True , the X-Men are not their property , but both the Capcom and Marvel sides are filled to the brim with repeated characters . I understand that Ryu and Captain America are just as necessary as Superman and Batman , yet when side-characters are all repeats with the same moves , maybe those characters are n’t going to blow the audience away . You do n’t buy a fighting game to play the same game as before , you need new , relevant characters that the community loves . Supergirl and Robin are new and interesting ; Haggar and Ghostrider are not . Graphics have been improved upon in Injustice , while MvCI has so little style I believe a teenager could ’ve done a better job . The opening credits of UMvC3 has more style than the entire story mode of Infinite , and this is where both franchises fall short , the style and story . If companies want to thrive in a fighting game environment , they need to keep it interesting . This involves refraining from replacing music with orchestra . Every time I start up Injustice I begin to teeter off . I do n’t care if the movies use orchestra , they have an excuse ; movies need their music to follow on-screen suspense . Music in fighting games should make me want to fight . Rock ? Go for it . Dubstep ? Keep it up , Skrillex . Orchestra ? Do n’t even think about it . When focusing on a game about superheroes beating the crap out of one another , the story should be about the characters first and foremost . The story should then focus on these characters beating the paste out of one another . This should not be done in a movie format . You do not play a fighting game to watch cutscenes . Do n’t have characters fight generic NPCs like Ultron copies , have them fight other playable characters . Do n’t focus on a lackluster story , give each character their own ending , like in UMvC and the original Mortal Kombat games , and then make an awesome final boss . Injustice and Marvel vs Capcom are making it harder than it needs to be . Have cool tunes , new characters , and focus on beating these characters up until they get an ending . Fighting games can be a gold mine for comic companies , they simply need to make their games focus on fights .	OPINION : How To Improve Fighting Games
Apparently , the White House really is a dump — with work orders showing reports of mice and cockroach infestations in the West Wing , broken toilet seats in the Oval Office and numerous other problems . The documents , obtained by NBC4 Washington , were made public this week just months after President Trump reportedly criticized the shape that it was left in by the previous administration . “ That White House is a real dump , ” he said , according to Golf magazine . While the president later denied the comment , it turns out there really are loads of issues plaguing the historic structure . White House officials made hundreds of requests for repairs , equipment and pest control in 2017 with the US General Services Administration — many of which were similar to those made in 2016 during President Barack Obama ’s final year in office , NBC4 reports . The work orders were similar in number and included reports of mice , cockroaches and even ants . President Trump said Wednesday night that it was ” totally untrue ” he ... The vermin reportedly infiltrated numerous areas on the grounds — including the White House Navy mess food hall , the Situation Room and the chief of staff ’s office . Some orders listed simple projects such as broken doors and chairs , while others detailed requests for TV systems and new decor . “ It ’s an enormous job . GSA is assigned to manage that job , ” explained former GSA Inspector General Brian Miller . “ GSA hires contractors and subcontractors for the [ maintenance ] work , ” he told NBC4 . “ Then the agency must watch over the contractors . ” Some of the work that needs to be done inside the White House listed a mid-April deadline , though it ’s unclear if this was actually met . It ’s also not known if any of the aforementioned issues were ever fixed or dealt with . “ They are old buildings , ” Miller said of the grounds at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. “ Any of us who have old houses know old houses need a lot of work . ”	Turns out the White House is a real dump
Shortly after the announcement of the iPhone X in September , my colleague Natasha Lomas noted the similarities between the phone and how WebOS operated on the Palm Pre . She ended her article , noting " in the iPhone X it ’s clear you ’re looking at a little ghost of the Pre . " It seems that Qualcomm 's legal team was taking note ; they cited that line in a complaint alleging that Apple ripped off Palm 's patented interface.In the latest escalation of the nearly year-long legal battle , Qualcomm filed three complaints Wednesday in U.S. District Court alleging violations on 16 different Qualcomm patents by Apple , some related to RF transceivers and power-saving measures , some related to multi-touch displays and some related to the innovations of Palm.Why does Qualcomm care about Palm ? Well , in 2014 Qualcomm bought a bunch of Palm patents from HP , some apparently related to the company 's design choices for WebOS and the Pre . In the complaint , Qualcomm specifically alleges that Apple copied the operating system 's " cards " design interface.Other alleged patent violations include the functionality to respond to a call with a text instead of answering , the ability to refocus the camera by tapping on the screen and the idea to drag multiple uses out of the power button , including ending a call . " All of these Palm inventions — owned by Qualcomm — have vastly improved the functionality of mobile devices and the user experience , and all of them are widely found in Apple products without license or permission , " the complaint reads.These are accusation sure to piss off Cupertino.Apple CEO Tim Cook was n't believed to be too happy when the Pre surfaced as we noted in the September story . “ We do n’t mind competition , but if others rip off our intellectual property , we will go after them , ” Cook said of competitors during a 2009 earnings call . Many took this as a dig at Palm.Many of these technologies feel essential to most modern smartphones , but things are getting personal for Qualcomm , which is playing David in a major legal battle with Apple , which has likely contributed to curtailing profits at the technology firm . Nearly a year ago , Apple filed a $ 1 billion suit against Qualcomm and proceeded to cut off royalty payments while encouraging its suppliers to do the same.All the while , Apple has reportedly been building iPhone prototypes that eradicate usage of Qualcomm technologies altogether.Qualcomm has remained defiant , challenging Apple on alleged patent violations . The rhetoric has been strong , too ; in this complaint , Qualcomm says that Apple 's products " would lose much of their consumer appeal " without Qualcomm technologies.This article originally appeared on TechCrunch at https://techcrunch.com/2017/11/30/qualcomm-alleges-that-apples-iphone-infringes-on-its-palm-pre-patents/	Qualcomm alleges that Apple 's iPhone infringes on Palm Pre patents
Vox Sentences is your daily digest for what 's happening in the world . Sign up for the Vox Sentences newsletter , delivered straight to your inbox Monday through Friday , or view the Vox Sentences archive for past editions . A pink slip reportedly awaits Rex Tillerson ; two candidates claim presidential victory in Honduras ; the Senate sings the same old song , this time on tax reform . State Department shake-up Here ’s a good reason to never call your boss “ a moron . ” Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is probably going to get fired , and the White House wants current CIA Director Mike Pompeo to take his job . [ NYT / Peter Baker , Maggie Haberman , and Gardiner Harris ] This national security team shake-up is n’t exactly a shocker . Trump had grown dissatisfied with the former Exxon Mobil CEO , and has undercut Tillerson on everything from North Korea to Qatar . Tillerson ’s axing had become a matter of when , not if . [ Axios / Jonathan Swan ] Chief of Staff Gen. John Kelly is reportedly orchestrating the personnel shuffle — but it ’s unclear if Trump has signed off . The president told reporters , “ Rex is here , ” during a visit with the crown prince of Bahrain on Thursday . [ Washington Post / Philip Rucker , Ashley Parker , and Anne Gearan ] CIA Director Mike Pompeo is widely expected to become top diplomat after Tillerson gets his pink slip — or saves some face and resigns . Trump reportedly has a good working relationship with Pompeo , something Tillerson and Trump sorely lacked . But while Tillerson ’s ideology was a bit of a wild card , Pompeo tends to share the same worldview as Trump . And that might feed the president ’s worst instincts . [ Vox / Alex Ward ] Pompeo may like the sound of " Secretary of State Pompeo . " He has reportedly put out some feelers to potential candidates to join him at Foggy Bottom . [ Washington Post / Josh Rogin ] So who takes Pompeo ’s spot at the CIA ? Sen. Tom Cotton ( R-AK ) is reportedly in the running to become the new director . The hawkish senator is one of the White House ’s key allies in the Senate , and Cotton has stood by Trump ’s agenda . [ NYT / Peter Baker , Maggie Haberman , and Gardiner Harris ] Some former intelligence officials are already troubled by Cotton ’s potential ascension to the CIA . Cotton has defended waterboarding and said Gitmo detainees can “ rot in hell . ” [ Daily Beast / Spencer Ackerman ] If Cotton and Pompeo get new gigs , it would infuse the administration with even more military-minded leaders , putting a “ quartet of warriors ” — Cotton at the CIA ; Pompeo at State ; James Mattis at the Pentagon ; Kelly as chief of staff — in key positions . Sleep tight , peaceniks ? [ NYMag / Ed Kilgore ] The news , but shorter , delivered straight to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy and European users agree to the data transfer policy . For more newsletters , check out our newsletters page . Honduras is taking a suspiciously long time to tally election returns Three days after the polls closed in Honduras , votes are still being counted ; two candidates are claiming victory , and both of those candidates ’ supporters are marching in the streets ( with supporters of challenger Salvador Nasralla clashing with police ) . [ NPR / Scott Neuman ] The incumbent , Juan Orlando Hernandez , came to power in a 2009 coup — spurred partly by the fact that the then-president was hinting he ’d run for a second term , in violation of the Honduran constitution . [ LAT / Kate Linthicum ] Hernandez , a US ally , is credited with purging the police force and helping bring the murder rate ( consistently among the highest in the world ) down . [ BBC ] He ’s also purged some political opponents — including three supreme court justices … [ NYT / Jan Schakowsky ] … paving the way for a 2015 supreme court ruling that it would not , in fact , be unconstitutional for Hernandez to run for a second term . [ Telesur ] Before election day , Hernandez ’s reelection seemed assured . But on Monday — after both Nasralla and Hernandez declared victory — early returns showed Nasralla up by 5 percentage points . [ Deutsche Welle ] Over the past few days , that lead has evaporated in official tallies ( as of Thursday , Hernandez was officially ahead ) . But many Hondurans are skeptical of the delay in announcing the final count , which keeps getting delayed for suspicious reasons . [ New Yorker / Jonathan Blitzer ] Exacerbating suspicions , the Economist discovered a tape that appears to document an official from Hernandez ’s National Party instructing party poll workers in how to commit election fraud . [ The Economist ] In theory , both Hernandez and Nasralla have signed an agreement to accept the final vote tally . But Nasralla backed out of the agreement an hour later — and if Nasralla somehow does make a comeback , Hernandez is n’t likely to accept that either . [ Al Jazeera / Heather Gies ] We 've seen this Senate movie before Senate Republicans looked this morning like they had the votes for their tax reform bill — and then this evening , it looked like it might fall apart , in a dance that might seem familiar to anyone who watched the health care debate unfold . The bill would cut corporate taxes permanently , cut individual tax rates temporarily , and repeal the individual mandate in Obamacare . It could also permanently change life in many other ways , by making it politically harder for states to tax their own residents highly . [ NYT / Peter S. Goodman and Patricia Cohen ] But some Senate Republicans are concerned about the deficit , and on Thursday evening , they managed to hold up the process by threatening to send the bill back to committee . [ Vox / Tara Golshan ] And they have reason to be concerned . An estimate from a bipartisan Senate committee found Thursday that the bill would add $ 1 trillion to the deficit over the next decade , even after adjusting for economic growth . [ Washington Post / Heather Long ] The next vote is Friday at 11 am . The race is on to rewrite the bill find a compromise that will get at least some of the holdouts — who include Sens. Bob Corker , Jeff Flake , and Susan Collins — on board . [ Politico / Seung Min Kim and Colin Wilhelm ] Miscellaneous The latest from the reckoning with powerful men and sexual harassment : 9 women have accused Israel Horowitz , an award-winning playwright and theater power broker , of sexual misconduct . [ New York Times / Jessica Bennett ] James O’Keefe ’s Project Veritas operative tried to infiltrate and discredit the Washington Post by offering to send a reporter flowers after a family tragedy . [ Washington Post / Beth Reinherd , Aaron C. Davis , and Andrew Ba Tran ] Remember when President Trump ’s Twitter was briefly deactivated ? The man who did it has come forward : He ’s a German who was in the US on a work and study visa . [ TechCrunch / Ingrid Lunden and Khaled “ Tito ” Hamze ] Prehistoric women had very , very strong arms . Their leg strength was all over the map , though . [ The Verge / Alessandra Potenza ] Writer Elizabeth Weil wrote an essay about raising a teenage daughter . Then she let her daughter annotate it . [ California Sunday ] Verbatim " I ’d always sing the boy parts anyway , because nothing is better than gruffly intoning BRING ME FLESH AND BRING ME WINE like you ’re some forgotten minor monarch . ” [ Blair Thornburgh ] “ If they cultivate enough people in the right places , they start to change the debate without having to directly inject their own voice . ” [ Peter Mattis of the Jamestown Foundation on Chinese influence in Washington , to Foreign Policy / Bethany Allen-Ebrahimian ] “ Our findings strongly suggest that the biological underpinnings of the Yeti legend can be found in local bears . ” [ Charlotte Lindqvist via AFP ] “ The 36-year-old Alexandria native is also a Muslim convert who used to dress up as a Nazi officer in reenactments , according to court documents , and kept a prayer list that included Saddam Hussein and Adolf Hitler . ” [ Washington Post / Rachel Weiner ] What kind of father turns his daughter into a tree and thinks that is protection ? ” [ Electric Literature / Miranda Schmidt ] Watch this : The real reason American health care is so expensive Hint : single-payer wo n’t fix America ’s health care spending . [ YouTube / Ezra Klein , Liz Scheltens , and Mallory Brangan ]	Vox Sentences : Let the " Rexit " begin
Through my lensNovember 16 was Benjamin ’s ( I call him ‘ Benji ’ sometimes ) birthday and as early as 12.00 AM ( Nigerian time ) he already started receiving calls and birthday wishes . I ’m sure Benji was elated especially as the birthday messages came an hour earlier ( he ’s using UK time ) . Fast forward to the D-day proper , Benjamin woke up quite late.Who wakes up late on their birthday ? 😐 When he woke up , he had about 90 + mentions on twitter ( as a twitter celeb ) . While Benjamin responded to his messages , I spent a considerable amount of time on Skype chatting with him . Whilst we were talking , a little blue parcel arrived at the door for him . It was from a mutual friend , Olubukola Ogidan . The package was so cute and the note inside was even cuter.That was Benji ’s first gift.I watched as he opened the gift with excitement and we swooned over it . Our chat ended about an hour later and almost immediately , his second gift arrived — M&amp;S cake from “ his beloved friend in whom he is well pleased ” , Lade . It was delivered by her sister . Benjamin and Lade ’s sister talked for a while and they made a short video.Benji later escorted Lade ’s sister to the bus stop and came back home . As a result , he missed the delivery of the cake I sent him 😢 and I was so pissed 😠 ( yes I blasted him … . In hindsight , I should probably have held off so as not to ruin his day ) . On the bright side , while he was outside , he was able to take some birthday photos which he posted on Twitter.To end the day , Benjamin ’s friend , Temilade took him out to the breakfast club for a luxurious dinner . I saw colorful pictures from that event . I ’m sure they had a nice time.Benjamin celebrated his birthday from the Wednesday of that week to Saturday . I sent him a cake which I wanted to be delivered to him on Thursday ( his birthday ) but apparently the cake deliverers decide to play with my feelings . They never delivered it . Benjamin apparently had to go and get the cake by himself on Friday night . I felt really bad because first of all , it was supposed to be a surprise and secondly , he was the birthday boy … I did n’t want to stress him . Anyway , I ’m sure Benjamin will testify that it was worth the wait . The cake was beautifully done and tasted really nice according to Benjamin … I did n’t taste it 😢 . In summary , Benjamin had a supercalifragilisticexpialidocious birthday . I ’m sure it was 10 times better than his last birthday and I ’m glad I got to be a part of it .	A recap of Benjamin Dada ’s 21st birthday
The #MeToo movement gained a powerful voice today when Bette Midler posted about an accusation of assault she first made back in 1991 . Those were different times , but now , in this moment of cultural reckoning , Midler 's assertion that sexual assault is " not funny " is finally being heard . In a series of tweets , Midler shared a clip of an interview with Barbara Walters in which she recounted how Geraldo Rivera groped her without her consent when they met for the first time : In the clip , Walters asks Midler to respond to Rivera 's claims that she was " insatiable " in his recently published autobiography , Exposing Myself ( a title that 's aged real well ) . In the book , Rivera describes his " conquest " of Midler . Leaving the question of consent out of the picture entirely , he describes how , " We were in the bathroom , preparing for the interview , and at some point I put my hands on her breasts . " Showing exactly why so many victims of assault and harassment do n't feel comfortable coming forward , Midler bristles at this account , but initially hesitates before coming forward with her own , worried that she , " better not " or she 'll " get in trouble . ” Then she barrels forward , describing how , actually , " [ Rivera ] and his producer left the crew in the other room , they pushed me into my bathroom , they broke two poppers and pushed them under my nose , and proceeded to grope me … I did not offer myself up on the altar of Geraldo Rivera . He was unseemly . " Midler tries to laugh off the incident , even while appearing visibly shaken by the encounter . Walters ' reaction ( or lack thereof ) is perhaps most telling of all . The venerated journalist not only tries to bypass her story , but flat out cuts Midler off in an attempt to stop her from continuing . Hysterically , Rivera only has himself to blame for becoming the latest powerful media man in the spotlight for accusations of harassment and assault . The clip resurfaced in response to a series of tweets he posted defending disgraced Today host Matt Lauer , justifying sexual misconduct in news rooms and throwing in some arbitrary rules for allegations before they can be believed . Rivera " humbly apologized " for his laughably tone-deaf opinions ( while apparently still standing by the rest of his decades-long career of missing the point entirely while lodging his foot in his mouth ) . His apology was so humble , in fact , that he forgot to also apologize to Midler for the " flirty business " of allegedly drugging and assaulting her before an interview . Honestly , though , we should thank Rivera ( and , more readily , Midler for her initial and continued bravery ) for providing us with the clearest example of the insidious tactics predators will use to try and silence women to cover their own asses . It 's no wonder why Rivera felt like it was his god-given right , as a white straight man , to stipulate the " requirements " for taking a sexual harassment allegation seriously . Because , of course , if allegations need to be " made in a timely fashion " — like oh , I do n't know , just off the top of his head , " say w/n 5 yrs " — then that means the incident with Midler would n't count . Also Geraldo , we 're glad you brought up #GarrisonKeillor . This might surprise you , but you actually have a lot more in common with the recently disgraced MPR legend than you think . Because only a day before he was fired for " inappropriate behavior , " Keillor published an article in The Washington Post defending Al Franken , another powerful man accused of sexual harassment . Does that strategy sound familiar to you , Geraldo ( AKA # 1 Fox News fan of network rival Matt Lauer , formerly of NBC ) ? It 's funny how creepy men keep having these sympathetic hot takes about other ousted creepy men . It 's almost as if they have a vested interest in maintaining the status quo of the systems that enable those predators to sexually harass , assault , and silence women with impunity for decades 🤔 .	Bette Midler demands apology from Geraldo Rivera for alleged sexual assault
CHICAGO ( AFP ) - Democratic lawmaker John Conyers , facing mounting pressure to resign over allegations of sexual harassment and an alleged payoff to cover up his actions , has been hospitalized for stress , US media reported Thursday.The 88-year-old representative from Michigan , the longest-serving member of the Congress , was being treated at a Detroit-area hospital , according to friend and political consultant Sam Riddle , who spoke with reporters outside Conyers ' home . " ( Conyers is under ) tremendous stress due to media hounding , and political vultures and serial accusers , " The Detroit News quoted Riddle as saying . " That type of stress would affect anybody . " Conyers is one of several prominent US lawmakers facing allegations of sexual misconduct , as a wave of disclosures has felled prominent figures in media , entertainment and politics in the wake of the accusations targeting movie mogul Harvey Weinstein.Both he and Senator Al Franken of Minnesota -- a fellow Democrat who is accused of touching and kissing several women without their consent -- are under pressure to step down.In the Republican camp , the Alabama candidate for the US Senate Roy Moore -- accused of harassing and molesting several teenage girls -- has faced calls from prominent members of his own party to drop out , although he continues to enjoy the support of President Donald Trump.Conyers ' Detroit office could not confirm his hospitalization or his whereabouts Thursday morning , but his lawyer Arnold Reed told CBS News that he had checked into a hospital Wednesday night . Multiple women have accused Conyers of sexual harassment . Accuser Marion Brown , a former staffer under Conyers , appeared on the NBC " Today " show Thursday morning saying Conyers had asked her in 2015 to " sexually satisfy him . " " He just violated my body , he has touched me in different ways and it was very uncomfortable and very unprofessional , " said Brown , who says she reached a settlement with Conyers that included a non-disclosure agreement -- but decided to speak out regardless.BuzzFeed News -- which reported on the Brown settlement earlier this month without revealing her name -- said Conyers had paid her $ 27,000 . Even while denying the allegations , Conyers has stepped down as ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee . He is , however , keeping his seat in Congress.The House Ethics Committee is investigating the allegations .	Sex scandal-hit US lawmaker hospitalized for stress : report
by Nivia Evans , Associate EditorThe first book I picked up when I started working at Hachette was Murder at the House of Rooster Happiness . It was n’t my normal genre but I expected to enjoy it . It had all the hallmarks of a fun mystery : an exotic locale , an interesting murder , and a charming amateur detective . However , what surprised me was the strange affinity I felt with Ladaret Patalung , the very practical nurse ethicist who let her curiosity lead her down a very different path.I did n’t expect to become an editor , mostly because I did n’t initially plan to and it seemed like an impossible dream . You know those dreams you set when you ’re a kid ? Firefighter ! Doctor ! Pilot ! None of them are truly impossible , but you get a bit older and reality crowds in . It did n’t matter that I hid behind mountains of books in the quietest part of the library or that I would actively ignore someone next to me to meet the people in a book … Editing was for someone else . Until it was n’t . I spent three years teaching kids how to enjoy books , while nurturing a growing desire to work on them . I read every book I could find on the editing process then scoured the Internet for more and landed in the world of unpaid internships . There ’s always a moment when you have to ask yourself if you truly want something and that tends to happen when you have to do it for free . However , my first internship was a revelation . No , not the filing , mailing , and errand running , but the conversations about the proposals and manuscripts . Is the voice compelling ? Are the plot points logical ? Do we care ? Why ? This was n’t how I discussed books , but how I wanted to.It ’s probably why I look forward to editorial meetings every week . There ’s nothing like sitting in a room full of your colleagues , watching their eyes light up and see them shift forward in their seats as you pitch a good submission . There ’s so much fun in those moments . Moments when you simply have to know : Is it more Rothfuss or Jemisin ? What ’s the scale of the story ? Which myth is it based on ? Moments when you see an amazing novel start the next leg of its journey.I think a lot about how my career has progressed , especially when workdays are long and you do n’t get to spend nearly as much time reading as you imagined . But nothing really beats the pride you feel when you can send an author an amazing review or when you spot someone reading a book you ’ve edited on the train.For more information on our titles and authors , please visit us at www.hachettebookgroup.com	An Editor ’s Past and Present
The Theresa May who is n’t prime minister of the United Kingdom told President Trump on Thursday to tweet with caution and avoid “ pushing the wrong button . ” President Trump launched a Twitter attack on British Prime Minister ... Theresa May Scrivener , a British woman who was mistaken for the British leader in a tweet by Trump on Wednesday , told Time magazine she ’s amazed the American president make such a careless social media mistake . “ I think that he should think before he tweets . Maybe look at the name he ’s tweeting and just check , ” said Scrivener , 41 , who was on the receiving end of a Trump tweet intended for Prime Minister May . “ It is amazing to think that the most powerful man in the world can make such a simple mistake and you know he could end up pushing the wrong button . ” Scrivener had just six followers on her @theresamay feed when Trump – apparently believing she was PM May – tweeted , “ do n’t focus on me , focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom . We are doing just fine ! ” “ I think he ( Trump ) should concentrate on running his country and not ours . I think he should maybe get off Twitter and start focusing on what ’s going on around him a little bit more , ” Scrivener said . “ He ’s made a lot of mistakes … one of them was tweeting me . ” Scrivener had more than 1,200 followers by Thursday night . “ If I wanted to be famous , I would have gone on ‘ X Factor , ’” Scrivener told the Press Association . “ I was in bed by half 10 last night and oblivious to it all . I ’m just waiting for a call from the White House with an apology . ”	‘ Theresa May ’ has advice for Trump : ‘ Get off Twitter ’
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Ringing in the holidays for the first time from Washington , President Donald Trump lit the National Christmas Tree Thursday evening , wishing the country " a Merry Christmas " — as he vowed to do during his campaign.Taking part in the annual ritual , Trump counted down from 10 before his wife , Melania , pushed a button to set the tree aglow with golden lights and silver stars . " Today 's a day that I 've been looking very much forward to all year long , " said Trump . " And now , as the president of the United States , it 's my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world a very merry Christmas . " During his campaign , Trump had promised that , when he was elected , people would be saying " Merry Christmas again , " a reference to what he characterized as the country 's obsession with political correctness . In Trump 's view , the move toward the use of the more inclusive " happy holidays " phrase minimized the Christian celebration.Trump was introduced by Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke , who called Trump " a man who loves our parks , loves our military , and loves our country . The man who brought ' Merry Christmas ' back to our nation 's capital — and you did , sir . " Speaking from behind a bullet-proof glass enclosure , Trump also bragged about the mild weather , which hovered in the mid-50s , and compared himself to President Ulysses S. Grant , who signed legislation making Christmas a federal holiday . " I sort of feel we 're doing that again , " he said to an audience that included many of his family members.The program , which will air Monday on the Hallmark Channel , was hosted by Kathie Lee Gifford and actor Dean Cain and featured performances by the Beach Boys , Jack Wagner , Wynonna Judd , Craig Campbell and others . It was a less high-profile lineup than last year , when the performers included Kelly Clarkson , Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood , Marc Anthony , Yolanda Adams , The Lumineers , James Taylor and Chance the Rapper.This year marks the 95th annual National Christmas Tree Lighting . The tradition began in 1923 with President Calvin Coolidge and takes place in President 's Park , just south of the White House .	Trump lights National Christmas Tree for 1st time
Jason Momoa just made the wait for the highly anticipated final season of “ Game of Thrones ” a little bit more unbearable . The actor , who portrayed Dothraki warrior Khal Drogo in Season 1 , recently paid the cast a visit while in Belfast and got some information about what ’s to come in the show . “ It ’s going to be the greatest thing that ’s ever aired on TV , ” Momoa told Entertainment Weekly , without revealing any specific details . “ It ’s going to be unbelievable . It ’s going to fuck up a lot of people . And it was a bummer because I ’m a huge fan and I did n’t want to know what ’s going on . I was like , ’ Damn , I did n’t want to know that ! ” John Bradley , who plays Jon Snow ’s friend Sam Tarly , also hyped up the final season in an interview with HuffPost . The actor said every one of the six episodes left will be “ monumental . ” “ I think what we used to call Episode 9 in ‘ Game of Thrones ’ folklore — the episode when everything comes to a head and you get a lot of spectacular sequences — I think you ’re gon na get six ‘ Episode 9s ’ this year , ” Bradley said in early October . “ You can tell that because we ’ve got directors who have been in charge of some of the most huge set pieces in the past doing episodes all throughout the season . ” Bradley added that showrunners David Benioff and Dan Weiss are set to direct the finale . “ It ’s in the right hands there , ” he said . “ They know everything about the show . They ’ve been in charge of everything ― every key decision in all seven seasons so far has been made by David and Dan . I think they ’ve done an incredible job with this series . They deserve everything they get , and they deserve the right to finish this show off in the way they see fit . I do n’t think there ’s anybody better qualified , so I ca n’t wait . ” The eighth season of the hit show has no release date , though many expect the final episodes wo n’t air until at least 2019 .	Jason Momoa On Final ' GoT ' Season : It 'll Be ' The Greatest Thing That ’s Ever Aired On TV '
I know you 've heard the term , actions speak louder than words . However in this case , his words are bitter and his actions are sweet . This is extremely confusing and I just need some clarification please.So I 'm in a relationship with a guy which is fairly new . I 'm not saying everything he says is mean , but he can be a real jerk and A-hole at times . Then there are the other times where he is such a sweetheart and does anything for me . As for his actions , he always wants to see me and he spends a lot of his time with me . When he has the money , he does n't mind spending it on me and my two children . I do n't have to worry about him not calling or responding to me . When were out in public he does n't mind putting his arm around me and letting others know that we 're together . He prays with me , we read the Bible together , he feeds me , he tells me he loves me and it is at these moments that I do feel loved and cared for Then there is the other side . He is extremely argumentative . He will start to talk about things and people in his past and how wrong they did him . Then he will include me in it and start lashing out at me and comparing me to other women that were in his life . Then he will get wishy-washy and one minute we 're together and the next we 're just friends . Then he turns it around on me as if I 'm the one who does n't want to be with him and does n't love him . Then when I tell him I do he says I do n't and that I 'm just stringing him along . If I argue with him back it can go on for hours . If I do n't say anything eventually he 'll stop and change the subject . I know right now he is going through a very stressful situation in his life , but he always says once he gets back on track he is getting out of dodge and moving on with his life and getting away from all these people . I do n't know what to think . His actions tell me he really cares for me , and when we argue I feel like he hates me and is only using me until things in his life get better .	Sweet and loving actions , but bitter and cold words , what can this mean ?
Yang Shuxiang and her adopted son Yang Shaolin enjoy the sunshine in Harbin , Heilongjiang province . [ Zhou Huiying/China Daily ] Retiree helped 21 infants lost or abandoned at Harbin Railway StationEvery day Yang Shuxiang takes her adopted son Yang Shaolin , nicknamed Dabao , for a trip in Harbin , Heilongjiang province.It is the happiest time for Dabao , 38 , especially when they ride around aimlessly in a bus.Dabao has a mental disability , and raising him has been a journey of joy and heartache for Yang . He was the first of 21 children she saved.They are all children who got lost or were abandoned at Harbin Railway Station where she worked.The others she took care of at home until she tracked down their parents or put them into a children 's home . Dabao is the only one who has remained . " I still remember it was on Oct 2 , 1979 , that I found an unattended package , wiggling gently and emitting a baby 's cries , on a seat in the mother-and-child room , " said Yang , 62 , now retired . " As a passenger clerk on duty , I went immediately to check on it . " It was a baby boy just months old . Yang and her colleagues searched for his parents , in every corner of the station , but nobody came to claim him . Out of pity and charity , Yang took the baby home . " Almost all my friends and relatives urged me to send him away as soon as possible , " Yang said . " Fortunately , my husband and mother gave me support . " Yang 's mother moved in to help care for the boy . Their plan was to find his parents with the help of police , the local civil affairs department and the media.Yet one year later , they still had no leads . " By that time we had built a deep relationship with him , " she said . " We decided to adopt him . " Dabao became a full member of the family after formal procedures . Yet the happiness was short-lived . At the age of 2 , the infant had yet to speak.He was glassy-eyed and twitched constantly.An assessment at hospital in Beijing revealed the cause as cortical dysplasia , a congenital condition of brain malformation with attendant epilepsy.Yang recalled with anguish the day she was informed : " He was so cute when I found him . I never imagined he would grow up sick . " Under pressure from the people around them , Yang 's husband and mother started to waver . " They tried to persuade me to give up Dabao and have my own baby , " Yang said . " But he had been abandoned once . How could I be so cruel as to abandon him again ? What he really needed was more love and care . " Finally , her husband relented and agreed that they raise Dabao together.This brief moment of hesitation aside , Yang 's husband was her biggest supporter , right from the days when she became known as the person to go to with an abandoned child . " At one point we were raising two infants and four children in our 12-square-meter bungalow , " she said . " We even thought about running an orphanage . But it would have been too much , given our limits with space and money . " She sent 13 children to welfare homes , and seven were returned to their parents . " Some of them later came back to visit , and we would get together for a family meal . I never felt regret about the sacrifices I made , " Yang said.Her main fear now is for Dabao 's future . Traditional Chinese medicine has proved successful at treating his epilepsy , and since the age of 10 he has been able to speak a few simple words.Yet since her husband died of cancer in 2006 , she has been raising their adopted son alone . " He asked me to take good care of Dabao before he died , " she said . " I promised him I would never abandon our son , no matter what difficulties we face . " Now Yang 's wish is to find a special education class that can teach Dabao how to be self-sufficient . " I 'm older now and ca n't look after him forever , " she said . " I want him to be able to take care of himself after I die . " Contact the writers at zhouhuiying@chinadaily.com.cn	Widow who saved epileptic boy fears for his future
I see my ex girlfriend quite a bit because of school . She 's the one that broke up with me several months back . She 's been playing quite a bit of mind games . In the beginning and now still . People assume she wants me to chase her . I agree with them.Right after the break up , I started seeing someone and continued on with my life . Anyways , several weeks back , my ex 's best friend made a comment on my " single life " when I was seeing someone . Odd that she would say that because I was talking about my schedule has been busy.Now , I am currently single.This past Saturday , I went out with my friends and my ex 's best friend was there . I was talking to my friends and She made a comment about my girlfriend ( as if she 's trying to get a reaction out of me ) . I did n't say anything.As I was talking to my friend about how my most recent relationship did n't work and she broke things in my bag . My ex 's best friend was eaves dropping and asking questions about stuff.She 's behaving like a spy ? what is going on ? What is up with this ?	Ex girlfriend broke up with me but has a spy ?
Bloomberg Pursuits has been highlighting artists on the rise as part of an ongoing look at art as an investment . Museum wall text regularly includes a work ’s title , date , dimensions , and oftentimes , if the object is on loan , the name of its owner . Occasionally the owner prefers to be anonymous , in which case the work is listed as coming from a “ Private Collection , ” but anyone browsing the Whitney Museum ’s midcareer retrospective of the painter Laura Owens will observe that many lenders have made their names public.Detail of Laura Owens , Untitled , 2012 . Source : Collection of Maja Hoffmann/LUMA Foundation . © Laura OwensSome of those names are obscure . Others will be familiar to those with a knowledge of the international jet set : Martin Eisenberg , a co-founder of Bed Bath &amp; Beyond , Inc. , and his wife Rebecca lent three paintings to the show ; the Ringiers , a Swiss publishing family , have five works on view . Other paintings have been lent by the billionaire François Pinault , the photographer Mario Testino , and the billionaire pharmaceutical heiress Maja Hoffmann , who lent one 14-foot-wide work and a series of 33 small paintings from 2012 . The foundation of megacollector Peter Brant , meanwhile , has lent three paintings , while one of his sons has lent another , and yet another two are listed as a “ private collection , courtesy of the Brant Foundation . ” This is a collector base that most artists could only dream of . But despite having the attention ( and money ) of this high-profile group of influential buyers , Owens , until recently , was rarely known outside of a tight-knit coterie of art-world insiders . “ It ’s all within a small group of people , ” says the adviser Lisa Schiff . “ Not every great collector was interested in Laura Owens , but there was a core group that was big enough and competitive enough . ” Thanks to a conflation of events — critical , institutional , and commercial — it seems that group is about to become a lot larger.Glowing Reviews , Exploding PricesIn October she was the subject of a glowing profile in the New Yorker ( “ Owens had hit on a necessarily willful new direction — not exactly forward , but fruitfully sideways — for painting , my favorite art form , ” writes the art critic Peter Schjeldahl ) , and her retrospective at the Whitney was met with similarly gushing reviews ( the New York Times ’ critic Roberta Smith notes that “ her work has a playful , knowing , almost-Rococo lightness of being ” ) . Detail of Laura Owens , Untitled , 2012Source : Collection of Maja Hoffmann/LUMA Foundation . © Laura OwensOn the heels of that opening , a work by Owens , who was born in 1970 , came to auction at Sotheby ’s postwar and contemporary evening sale with a high estimate of $ 300,000 and was bought for nearly twice that amount , selling , with a premium , for $ 1.755 million . “ I think her work is worth every penny , ” says the adviser Thea Westreich , who donated two works to the Whitney museum that are included in the show . “ It just seems like it ’s taken people a long time to get here . ” Her Evolution Owens , who is based in Los Angeles , has been making paintings since the early 1990s , but her work never fit neatly with the various movements that went in and out of vogue . “ It did n’t look like art that was being made at the time , ” says Westreich . “ It ’s a very original practice . ” Laura Owens , Untitled , 2000Source : Collezione Giuseppe Iannaccone , Milan . © Laura OwensBut as the years went on and her aesthetic shifted somewhat , her paintings expanded in scale , maturity , and visual flair , culminating , arguably , in a 2012 show at Sadie Coles gallery in London , where her new body of work — including the one that just sold at Sotheby ’s — ushered in a new level of collector interest . “ The show at Sadie Coles broke her out of her shell , ” says Schiff.A New Level of PrestigeA lot of artists are supported by rich collectors , of course , and sold out shows or single , extraordinary auction results are by no means a guarantee that similarly robust sales will follow.Yet there are multiple signs , including the well-received Whitney retrospective , that Owens ’s work has reached a new level of prestige , price , and recognition.Untitled , 2006Source : Charlotte Feng Ford Collection . © Laura OwensCurrently , Owens ’s works on canvas sell from about $ 75,000 for a small painting to about $ 450,000 for a giant one . Works in between , ranging from around 60 inches to 84 inches high , cost in the range of $ 250,000 to $ 350,000 , dealers and collectors say.While the largest of those works are more difficult to sell — not only because of their cost , but because most people do n’t have a living room wall that can accommodate a 14-foot-tall artwork — “ domestically scaled works that are in the quintessential Laura Owens style are in high demand , ” says the adviser Rob Teeters . “ That work has gained momentum . ” ( Gavin Brown , Owens ’s New York dealer , declined to comment ; Sadie Coles , his London dealer , did n’t respond to a request for comment . ) There ’s an added factor , Westreich says , that with market recognition and the imprimatur of the Whitney show , “ as it becomes more and more present in the international art world , people can accept it into collections that do n’t necessarily accommodate it , visually , ” Westreich says . “ The market has caught up to a curatorial and critical position . ” Staying PowerThe multimillion-dollar question , in turn , is if Owens ’s current popularity is the product of a fleeting trend or something more sustainable.Laura Owens , Untitled , 2012Courtesy the artist / Gavin Brown ’s Enterprise , New York and Rome ; Sadie Coles HQ , London ; and Galerie Gisela Capitain , Cologne . © Laura OwensAdvisers point to her age and her long presence on the secondary art market ( her first work appeared at auction 18 years ago at Christie ’s New York ) as proof that she ’s not a flash in the pan . “ Along with the fact that she ’s in a number of museum collections , we ’re not talking about a young artist here , ” says Teeters . “ This is an artist who ’s been making art since the 1990s in a very professionalized manner . The market bump is certainly a new thing , but there ’s an extensive body of work that supports it . ” As opposed to other , more recent examples of market juggernauts who ’ve crashed and burned , “ bottom line , she ’s here to stay , ” says Westreich , who notes that she personally can no longer afford to buy Owens ’s work . “ I do n’t think there ’s any question that her market is going to continue to grow . She ’s going to continue to make great work , and she ’s going to continue to cost more money . It ’s just the way it happens . ”	Billionaires Are Buying Art by Laura Owens . Will Everyone Else ?
Every day we hear more and more about the latest technological improvements in our society — from voice-powered personal assistants to robot vacuum cleaners to intelligent web-based chatbots . We truly are living in the future that our ancestors have been dreaming of for so long . And while these improvements are admittedly wonderful and exciting , millions of people continue to remain fearful about what is to come of our rapid technologization . That source of fear has a name — and that name is Artificial Intelligence.Artificial Intelligence is progressing at an alarming rate — which some say might mean devastating consequences for humans , or even worse , the end of our entire race . According to emerging research on the speed of technological advancement , “ In the early 2040 ’s , the rapid pace of improved changes will be hundreds of millions of times faster than today as each year passes . ” Although we ’re unable to predict whether or not robot overlords will become human subjugators anytime soon , we can conclude that our workforce will be inevitably disrupted by them in a massive way . Medical , industrial , and transportation industries are just a few examples of businesses already being transformed by AI , with mounting negative side effects.As industries continue to automate , the need for human labor decreases enormously . This chart , taken from a sample of 150 Chief Marketing Officer ( CMO ) respondents , shows the startling predictions of the impact by AI on our workforce in only the next five years . A study done by MIT displays the risk the global workforce could face if artificial intelligence continues to advance at the lightning rate it is today . Researchers believe that while technology “ boosts productivity and makes societies wealthier , they also think that it can also have a dark side : technological progress is eliminating the need for many types of jobs and leaving the typical worker worse off than before ” . Others , like this website , have fairly grim viewpoints about the matter as well , concluding that “ 47 % of total US employment is at risk . ” If you do n’t believe me , try searching your job to see the likely percentage of automation . Whether we like it or not , technology is incrementally widening the income gap between the tech-savvy and everyone else.Even powerful figures who use AI in their line of work admit that it ’s a threat to our society . Elon Musk , the C.E.O. of Tesla , warned readers , “ We need to be super careful with AI . Potentially more dangerous than nukes . ” But what could be so dangerous about machines that we , as humans , develop and program ? Well actually , the danger might just lie in the unknown . One of the most common learning techniques being employed in artificially intelligent machines is deep learning , which allows the machine to learn from the human and then make fine-tuned adjustments . But what is the computer doing differently that allows it to complete a task thousands of times more successfully and accurately ? The frightening answer is , we do n’t always know . Joel Dudley , the leader of an AI research group which developed a program for schizophrenia diagnosis , admitted : “ We can build these models , but we do n’t know how they work . ” While the idea of using AI to progress towards a fully automated society seems intriguing , the risks that could follow are extensive . Living in a world run by robots not only decreases the number of human jobs in the workforce but also lessens the amount of face to face interaction substantially.Anne Applebaum , a columnist for Washington Post , posed a perfectly conceivable landscape for our future stating , “ There ’s no giant spaceship , nor are there armies of lifelike robots . Instead , we have created a swamp of unreality , a world where you do n’t know whether the emotions you are feeling are manipulated by men or machines , and where — once all news moves online , as it surely will — it will soon be impossible to know what ’s real and what ’s imagined . Is n’t this the dystopia we have so long feared ? ” Perhaps the most tangible element of AI fear to date is the anonymity of AI bots . This is a fairly new phenomenon that has resulted from the rising complexity of AI conversation capabilities . With the improved ability of bots to respond and communicate online , it is increasingly difficult to distinguish between online human users and bots . Where this capability has the potential to take a sinister turn has most publicly been displayed through the discovery of AI bots using social media accounts to promote a political agenda surrounding the 2016 presidential election . This discovery has spurred conversation of the potential facets AI may be able to infiltrate to further influence the world we live in . The Washington Post recently described the beginnings of an AI dystopia by highlighting the notorious malicious abilities of bots that “ are now a major force on social media , where they can ‘ like ’ people and causes , post comments , react to others … can be programmed to tweet out insults in response to particular words , to share Facebook pages , to repeat slogans , to sow distrust . ” The Computational Propaganda Research Project conducted at the University of Oxford credits social media as : “ the primary medium over which young people , around the world , develop their political identities and consume news . However , social media platforms — like Facebook and Twitter — have also become tools for social control . Many governments now spend significant resources and employ large numbers of people to generate content , direct opinion and engage with both foreign and domestic audiences . ” With this understanding of the influence posed by social media , it is easy to understand the anxieties surrounding this strategic AI infiltration.There ’s no arguing that the future before us is a daunting one . In all of its uncertainty , experts are predicting total chaos ( and rightfully so ) . However , as humans , we ca n’t let these predictions define what will become of us . Ultimately , it is up to us to solve the mess that we ’ve created and take the necessary ethical measures to ensure that the human race will have a place in the world of tomorrow .	The Future of AI and What It Means for Humans
Vladimir Putin welcomes soccer luminaries to the Kremlin on Friday for a World Cup draw that provides a global audience for the Russian president to attempt to burnish the image of a country scandalized by sports corruption . By staging the ceremony for the 32 World Cup finalists at the seat of Russian power and draping the Kremlin in FIFA branding , soccer 's governing body is undercutting its pretense that sports and politics should not mix — and in a country where the association has proved so damaging . World Cup draw preview : Lady Luck takes the first shot FIFA is on the final countdown to the first World Cup in Russia as it continues to assess the extent the 2014 World Cup squad was embroiled in the country 's state-sponsored doping scheme . FIFA President Gianni Infantino still plans to share a stage Friday with Vitaly Mutko , the Russian deputy prime minister accused of overseeing the elaborate scheme that saw positive samples across Russian sports destroyed or hidden . Infantino , though , is still trying to rebuild FIFA 's image after far-reaching bribery scandals threatened the future of the organization . The draw comes one day short of the seventh anniversary of the World Cup vote from which so many of FIFA 's legal travails stemmed . Russian authorities deny government involvement in doping and the country has weathered FIFA corruption investigations , concerns about hooliganism , racism around games , deaths on World Cup construction sites and a sponsor shortfall to stay on track to host soccer 's biggest tournament for the first time . The draw is the moment fans can start to plan their journeys across Russia , with 11 host cities spread from Kaliningrad on the Baltic Sea in the west to Yekaterinburg in the Ural mountains which separate Europe and Asia . Germany will discover the path to defending the title won in Brazil , while Iceland and Panama will be in the draw for the finals for the first time . Two teams are returning after long absences : Peru has n't contested the World Cup since 1982 and Egypt is returning for the first time since 1990 . But there is no space for four-time champion Italy , two-time reigning Copa America champion Chile , while the United States is missing for the first time since 1986 .	Vladimir Putin hopes World Cup will cleanse Russia 's scandal-clad image
I spent my childhood under the black cloud of depression . The helplessness , the shame , the constant worry anxiety worry anxiety worry . I learned it from my mother , who learned it from her mother and an alcoholic husband . I was bullied , barely hanging on in school , no friends , and nobody knew about my grief . They thought I was fine until I broke down sobbing in the schoolyard.I went on meds and that helped some , and I went to therapy and that helped some , but what saved me was Love . That Love came in the form of my youth church community . That Love came in the form of music and art . That Love came in the form of the divine . We are born with a need for love in our lives and without it we crumble.We live our lives isolated . We move from our one-bedroom apartments , to our air-conditioned comfortable box of solitude with a sunroof , to work and stare at screens , connected to the all the information the world can store , but disconnected from each other . So its no wonder we can no longer connect with our souls.I watch my friends move from relationship to relationship , community to community , looking for happiness and all they find is sadness . I watch my brother and my best friend look around their homes and say “ Yes , this is good , I like this ” when underneath they say to me “ is this it ? ” . I want to scream at them NO ! There is so much LIFE in the world . You can do anything you choose , as long as it is your heart ’s desire.But our hearts desire is often impractical , nonsensical , or worse shamfeul . Perhaps your hearts desire is to be a prostitute — a love worker — or perhaps you want to be a professional Witch . Maybe you heart wants to abandon all you have and become a monk . Perhaps your heart simply wants to move out of your apartment , but the memories there keep you trapped.Maybe your sex wants more , and you tell it no.Maybe your life wants adventure , but you stay put.Maybe you heart wants to be childless , but you have kids.And so we follow down these paths , avoiding what our heart tells us , so that we do the right thing , and we work the job and get the marriage and have the kids and live the life the way its supposed to look and we wonder why were so sad all the time and we think to ourselves : “ Oh I must be mentally ill . I have depression . ” Well its not a fucking pathology.Its your heart scream , yelling , tearing at the walls of your soul to wake . up.There ’s a wonderful book I ’ve read that details the history of psychotherapy . Its a wonderful read , if thick . In it the author explains how psychotherapy and consumerism rose together , one benefitting the other . There were multiple turning points in the history , where psychotherapists decided to move towards one idea of the human mind rather than another , conveniently to the benefit of the businesses at the time . Over time , certain combinations of emotions became illnesses . Once becoming an illness , they could be treated . Doctors are not doctors without the ill.But we are not ill . Depression is not an illness . It is a spiritual crisis.We are not depressed because there is something wrong with us internally . We are depressed because we are lacking the things which make life worth living . Connection , purpose , family , creativity , Love . We are disconnected from nature , from the divine/god , from each other , and we think its our selves that are ill when its our world.To come back to the essence of what we are , to remove the boundaries and limitations self-imposed by fear , to find our desire , rightness and power , to find the courage to say I have a right to have a life filled with love , joy , and ecstasy because that is the nature of my being . That I will relinqush all that I have unto the universe knowing that all that is True will return . That with the guidance of the sacred I will turn inward , and with the self-honesty only the divine can give , I will find the belief that keeps me in this hell . This is the working of the spiritual warrior . Who finds himself in the depths of isolation and finds his way back to Love , the essence of God.Depression is not an illness . It is a spiritual crisis . Love is what awaits on the other side .	You ’re not depressed . Your soul is aching .
We can already hear the wedding bells ringing ! Prince Harry is finally engaged and there will be a new dutchess joining the royal family . Earlier in November , Prince Harry got down on one knee and asked for his girlfriends , Meghan Markles , hand in marriage while they making dinner “ at their cottage on the grounds of Kensington Palace ” ( USA Today ) . Without any hesitation Megan of course said yes ! Earlier this week the engagement was announced and there was an overflow of positive messages expressing joy and happiness for the newly engaged couple . Many news sources one of them being Quartz could n’t help but write about this exciting time while USA Today took a different approach by portraying the good news as an event that some Londoners could care less about . By the using intriguing headlines and strategic stacking , news sources are tweaking the readers ’ feelings about the royal engagement.Like many other news organizations , the Quartz ecstatically wrote about Harry “ finally putting a ring on it . ” Right away readers will know that they are going to be reading another article about this joyous time because of the head line - “ Prince Harry and Meghan Markle ’s engagement is the bright spot among Britain ’s bad news ” . By using diction such as “ bright spot ” the Quartz is automatically implying that this engagement is good news . Also by following up “ bright spot ” with “ Britain ’s bad news ” it is implying that this engagement could not have come at a better time to raise the nation ’s spirits because lately , Britain , has not been facing the happiest of times . Just by reading the headline the consumer may automatically think to himself that because Prince Harry popped the question they should thrilled and thankful to the Prince . Because of him , Britain can see the light at the end of the tunnel . The author then continues to stack the story by right off the bat telling the reader that Britain is facing troubles . The second , two sentence , paragraph quickly recaps how long the two have been engaged and adds a wedding time frame before continuing to explain what is wrong with England . The Quartz wrote that England faces “ a problematic economy , a bleak outlook , looming terrorism threats , and an increasingly divisive mood in Westminster . ” A reader may be frightened after reading these statements but , do n’t worry everything will be okay because the “ Royal nostalgia — could n’t come soon enough . ” By writing so , the Quartz is telling their readers what is in store for England while at the same time telling readers not to be scared because this good news “ could n’t come soon enough . ” This bias statement leads the reader to believe that they are also benefitting from the engagement . This could potentially be dangerous because it gives British citizens false hope for the future . One royal engagement will not fix terrorist attacks , in fact it may raise them because Meghan Markle is not a citizen of Great Britain and some Brits may see Markle as a threat to long line of only British royalty . Such views may lead to revolts and protests.On the other hand there are articles that do n’t express the head over heals happiness people feel , or so it seems so . By reading the headline “ We ask Londoners about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle . Their responses may surprise you ” one would think that the article would solely portray the engagement as another pointless announcement that does n’t pertain to the average lad . The headline states that the responses may surprise the reader and anyone would assume that the responses would be negative , which at first they were but after the first half of the article more positive reactions were recorded . USA Today stacked their article by sourcing people that did n’t care about the engagement and continued about their day . It is interesting that John Hedge , the first person who was quoted said “‘ I ’m happy for the geezer , but I do n’t care ” was a 42 years old , whereas Jerry Walsh who said “ I love Harry [ … ] let them live their lives ” was 61 and his response was in the second half of the article . USA Today decided to make the younger man be quoted first because this is an online article and younger people read articles on the internet . It is much easier to see eye to eye with some close to your own age . If the writer put Jerry Walsh ’s ( 61 ) response in first right away some people may stop reading because who really wants to know the old guys opinion ? Also placing a negative view in first is a smart decision because people are getting what they wanted , a surprising negative response . At first , the viewer ’s perception may be that this royal engagement is not as important as it is sought out to be but after reading deeper into the article there is an opposing view provided which allows the reader to change their mind . At first there is a little bit of gatekeeping but after the second half of the article the gate keeper “ went home ” allowing for other opinions to be expressed.In conclusion , USA Today and the Quartz covered the royal engagement in two vastly different ways , however ; USA Today did a better job of spreading the news to the public . USA Today stacked their article in a manner that first talked briefly about the engagement quickly catching reader up and then proceeding to prove their headline ’s point . USA Today used quotes to back up their headline and not much of their bias was present in the article . Both positive and negative views were provided to the reader allowing them to make their own decision whether or not the engagement is news that is important to them . The Quartz quickly mentioned Harry proposing to Meghan but then continued on to talk about what is going in Britain . If someone wanted to read about Britain ’s bad news they would have clicked on a different article . Through a successful headline and careful stacking USA Today was able to get their message across to many more readers .	Royal Engagement Turning Heads
Competition to be the best starts from the day we step into this world . We are expected to be the best , but not taught how to be and after all people do n’t understand the pyramid structure . There can be only one end point / one person at the top and everyone , expects their child to be the best ! Thus starts the pressure ! It is n’t surprising that the education system still continues to evaluate a student based on the Marks scored . Thus the first lesson the student learns , “ Result matters , not efforts ” . But we all never know the hard work the student has put in and also the “ मार ” he / she has undergone.Am using the analogy of मार in this context to explain the pain the child goes through internally and in some cases externally as well , where they are being pressurized . But after completing education and being in corporate life for close to a decade am still unable to crack this age old logic.Marks is just a subjective rating given for performing on a particular test . This marks can differ with different group of students , so a student 1 who tops amongst group A need not be a topper in Group B.We all did have classmates back in our school / college who were toppers and low scores . But the ones who scored low have not failed in life . Some.of low scorers have settled with great jobs and some toppers are with medicore jobs ! Which clearly means that there are huge number of opportunities outside , but if we do n’t teach how to identify the opportunities , that ’s a failure on our part and not the student ! Therefore starts the most important task for a parent to identify the interest of Kid and the strength they possess . Today even a retard child can participate in Special Olympics and bring glory to the entire nation , but only if you identify and provide the necessary training .1 . Understand your kid strength2 . Talk to them and know their interest . Your neighbour ’s kid strength need not be your kid strength3 . Explain them the path and help them meet some of the experts in those areas . Develop interest into passion4 . Provide them required trainingLet them enjoy what they are best at ! ! Originally published at snprasadthoughts.blogspot.com .	Focus on Value Education and not Marks Education !
FULLERTON ( CBSLA ) — A hit-and-run DUI driver who injured a local college student was sentenced to two years . The victim and her family wanted a longer sentence but they did n’t get to make a statement in court . Now the victim , Cal State Fullerton sophomore Jessica Weber , is getting a second chance at justice . On Friday a judge will bring everyone back to court so Weber and her family can have their say . “ Just because most of my injuries healed , or I ’m not as broken as I once was , apparently that means that it ’s OK for him to get less ? , ” said Weber . The 20-year-old is out of her wheelchair now but has lasting effects from her broken arm , hip , pelvis , tailbone and vertebrae . Weber and her mother Bonnie say that the district attorney told them that Jorge Perez would likely get a four-year sentence and that they ’d be able to share the impact the crime had on them . But neither happened . According to Bonnie Masters-Weber , their constitutional rights for victims under what ’s called Marsy ’s Law , were violated . “ We just want justice . We truly want to have our constitutional rights acknowledged by the district attorney , ” said Masters-Weber . The district attorney says it ’s working to fix the mistake by getting the case back on the judge ’s calendar . Bonnie and her daughter will be in court Friday . According to the DA the prosecutor opposed the judge ’s decision to offer Perez a two-year sentence . Jessica ’s mother ’s statement , they say , was given to the judge during sentencing , but the deputy DA inadvertently failed to notify her so she could be there . “ OCDA prosecutors strive for perfection and this case , we fell short , ” the DA ’s office said in a statement . Friday the DA will ask the judge to withdraw the defendant ’s guilty plea so he can be re-sentenced to more time in state prison and also to allow Jessica Weber and her mother the chance to speak .	Second Chance At Justice For Hit-And-Run Victim
“ Beloved , I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health , even as thy soul prospereth . ” ( 3 John 1:2 KJV ) Today , I want to share with you our heritage in Christ . I came to announce to you that health , prosperity , and peace are our heritage in Christ Jesus . Every child of God has a heritage in Christ Jesus ; that heritage is health , prosperity and peace.As we wait on God today , I pray that your health shall spring forth speedily . I pray that you will prosper and be in progress . May your soul prosper . May the peace of God guard and guide your heart towards God.This is my sincere desire for you and the theme of my prayer ; that you will be in health and prosper even as your soul prospers . I declare that anyone of you , truely connected to this mandate shall be in health and prosper , even as your soul prospers . As we wait on God , we will be praying for the release of our health and prosperity and peace . Anything fighting your health and peace must be demolished.Four simple secrets to releasing your health , prosperity and peace are in ; Hearing by the word : In this world there are many voices vying for your attention . The world is speaking , friends are speaking , family is speaking , the devils are speaking , your bank account is speaking ; in fact , there are many voices vying for your attention . In any case only one voice matters ; the voice of God by His Spirit and through His word . As far as your health , peace and prosperity are concerned , the word of God reigns supreme . Proverbs 4:20 – 22 tells us that the word is health to those who find it . Many are sick because they have not found the word . How do your hear ? Please do well to hear by the word.Believing the word : Hebrews 4:2 teaches that the word only profits those who can mix it with faith . Though the same word may be preached to many , those who benefit are those who mix the word with faith , and faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God.Speaking the word : The word your do n’t speak will not deliver . 2 Corinthians 4:13 says “ we have the same spirit of faith ; we believe so we speak as they believed and spoke . ” Psalm 1 teaches us that those who meditate on the word of God prosper as a tree planted by the side of a river . They bring forth their fruit in their season . Joshua 1:6 – 8 teaches us that keeping the word of God in our mouth makes our way prosperous.Enduring by the word : Psalm 105:16 – 22 teaches that until his word came , the word of God tried him . I do n’t know what you may be faced with but the word of God may be trying you . Endure , stand firm and press on ; press forward.I pray for the release of your heritage in Christ Jesus . You will prosper and be in health , even as your soul prospers.Stay blessed ; I love you	Releasing Your Heritage in Christ
Zoned Properties ( OTCQX : ZDPY ) CEO Bryan McLaren sat down with Executive Casts to speak about triple-net leasing , the importance of understanding legislation in the industry which ZDPY operates , and developing community relationships . ZDPY is a strategic real estate development firm whose primary mission is to identify , develop , and lease sophisticated , safe , and sustainable properties in emerging industries , including the licensed medical marijuana industry . Get The Timeless Reading eBook in PDF Please take a moment to listen to these brief clips to connect with Zoned Properties CEO Bryan McLaren . Value Proposition to Clients On Triple-Net-Leasing Vision Statement The Importance of Understanding Legislation Developing Community Relationships Value Proposition to Clients So , our major value-add for clients and tenants is that we take away a lot of the distraction . So , we , as Zoned Properties , come in as the strategic real estate firm and say , “ Focus on your business . Make your business the best it can possibly be in the medical marijuana industry . We will take care of all the complex questions and procedures into actually developing the facility for you . ” Triple-Net-leasing So , the important thing about a triple net lease , which is net-net-net or you ’ll often see as NNN described . So , you ’re taking three of the more expensive aspects of owning a property and you ’re passing that financial burden on to your tenant . Insurance payments , property tax payments and any actual sales tax or rental tax associated with the property . By setting up a lease with a triple net payment structure , what Zoned Properties is able to do is increase the amount of revenue we receive and the amount of cash flow . We are actually requiring that the operating tenant pays those three items — Insurance , property tax and rental tax . ZDPY Vision Statement Bryan : As part of the vision of Zoned Properties , we ’re looking to establish large-scale facility developments in new locations and new states with leading tenant operators in those regions . And that process will allow us to , not only create a drastic increase in shareholder value through the company , but also it allows to focus on increasing Community Prosperity . Any location where a Zoned Properties development has taken place , the community itself has improved . Understanding Legislation So , the team here at Zoned Properties we spend a lot of time researching existing and new and upcoming legislation on a state by state level and at the national level , which includes rules and regulations that are being put in place around medical marijuana industry . Of course that ’s a focus of Zoned Properties for the emerging medical marijuana industry . We need to be as increased as possible in our expertise of that process . Our architects , our management team , our local contractors and vendors , all of these individuals we require to be at the front end of Code Compliance rules and regulation . So , as new items are coming into place for medical marijuana operators , these groups and companies that are our clients and tenants we know exactly what ’s coming down the pipeline . And these can be code and compliance rules and regulations everything from , “ Can the client deliver or distribute directly to a consumer or a patient ? What types of security measures have to be in place at the facilities ? ” These are often very expensive things that clients would have to pay individual vendors . Instead , Zoned Properties brings all of those in a package deal . We ’ll worry about all of those complicated regulatory pieces for you and deliver you a turnkey functional facility . Developing Community Relationships So , one of the most important things I do and Zoned Properties does is develop positive collaborative relationships with local municipal officials — the police department , the fire department , the actual city councils and council members themselves . What we find across the country is that , because of the history of negative stigma associated with marijuana , oftentimes new operators and developers will just come in throwing elbows . They ’ll find a location , they ’ll cut corners , they ’ll never develop a relationship with the local community or the local officials . What happens as a result of that , is that in the future , whether at six months one year down the road , there is an adverse event that puts the community against the medical marijuana operator . That ’s extremely expensive . That can lead to legal fees , that can lead to changes in permitting a construction in a millions of dollars . So , these are landmines we consider in the process of developing a medical marijuana business and property . By creating positive relationships with local officials , we can help influence that process rather than coming up against that brick wall in the future . It can literally save millions of dollars as you develop and lease these types of facilities . Bryan McLaren , CEO Zoned Properties Inc. ( ZDPY ) Mr. McLaren is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Zoned Properties , a strategic real estate development firm that identifies , develops , and leases sophisticated , safe , and sustainable properties in emerging industries . McLaren has a strong professional background in the social , economic , and environmental development of complex business organizations . For more than a decade he has successfully implemented programs and projects for corporate and community organizations . Mr. McLaren holds a Bachelors of Business Administration and Ethics Studies from the University of San Diego , a Masters of Sustainable Development from Northern Arizona University , an Executive Masters in Business Leadership from Arizona State University , and an MBA focused on Sustainable Development from Marylhurst University . Throughout his graduate education , McLaren devoted time to community development and philanthropic efforts earning a number of honors and awards including Phi Kappa Phi Honors Society Membership and the Distinguished Walton Scholarship . Mr. McLaren is also a certified Green Roof Professional and has been certified as a LEED Green Associated by the United States Green Building Council . Prior to his role at Zoned Properties , McLaren worked as a Sustainability Consultant for Waste Management where he led the strategic development and operational implementation of zero-waste programs for Higher Education clients . McLaren has worked as a Sustainability Program Manager in the Higher Education industry and has been appointed as a City Sustainability Commissioner . Sustainable development has been a life-long passion for McLaren , who strives to create a global impact by forging a strong foundation for principles of sustainability in emerging industries such as the medical marijuana industry . See all of Bryan McLaren ’s clips here . Article by GEO Investing	Triple-Net-Leasing , Legislation And Community Relationships
" It 's not like Don Bradman is walking out to bat for Canterbury " . That was Jimmy Neesham 's witty remark when quizzed how Otago will deal with suspended English cricket star Ben Stokes , who makes his highly-anticipated return at Rangiora 's Mainpower Oval on Sunday . Christchurch-born Stokes will don Canterbury red-and-black in their Ford Trophy 50-over opener as he builds up his fitness and form ahead of a looming return to England 's Ashes squad . It will be Stokes ' first match in 69 days , having been suspended from representing his country by the England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB ) for his alleged part in a Bristol street brawl . READ MORE : * Canty boss expecting mixed reaction Unwanted Black Cap Neesham , who will be a key man with bat and ball for Otago , said they had n't placed too much extra focus on Stokes , the world 's premier allrounder . There had been a brief chat at training about the best areas to bowl to him , but stressed they could n't solely worry about one cricketer . " He 's just another player at the end of the day . It 's not like Don Bradman is walking out to bat for Canterbury , " he said in reference to the great Australian , who averaged 99.94 in his 52 tests . " We 're not too concerned about what 's going in their camp . " The decision from Canterbury Cricket 's board to allow Stokes to play while he is in Christchurch visiting his parents , Gerard and Deb , has polarised public opinion . Stokes was only signed after gaining approval from the ( ECB ) , New Zealand Cricket and the New Zealand Cricket Players Association . Neesham played a straight bat when asked whether the Otago players agreed with the decision . " It 's an interesting one is n't it . Canterbury Cricket have come out and said it was a debate in the dressing room . You can certainly see points from both sides . " It 's not really my place to be commenting on that sort of thing . " Stokes ' availability is a significant boost for domestic cricket and injury-riddled Canterbury , who are missing several of their leading fast bowlers through injury . The picturesque Mainpower Oval will be brimming with spectators keen to get a look at how Stokes is tracking , many who would n't have been there had he not been playing . Neesham said the young bowlers in their squad had bowled to New Zealand internationals and overseas imports in past seasons . He did n't expect them to be rattled playing against Stokes . " No-one is certainly overawed by him . He 's another player and anyone can get a duck , anyone can get a hundred , and hopefully he gets the former on Sunday . " Otago coach Rob Walter did n't think there would be signs of rustiness from Stokes given his last game was more than two months ago on September 24 against the West Indies in Bristol . He said all the pressure would be on Canterbury , given they had a player of Stokes ' quality in their side . " I would n't be surprised if he was ready and raring to go . He probably has a point to prove with everybody watching him and [ to see ] if he would be ready for an Ashes call-up if it comes . " Stokes is set to bat four or five for Canterbury and Walter said it was imperative they created early pressure with the ball and stuck to their bowling plans . If they allowed Stokes to hit quick boundaries and let his confidence soar it could be a long afternoon in the field . " It 's about being smart and bowling our best balls to him like we would to any other batter . He can also get out . It 's not as if he 's never got out in his life , " Walter said . " We 've got just as much chance of getting him out , " Domestic cricketers do n't get to test themselves against players of Stokes ' ilk every week . The Otago attack would dearly love to capture his prized wicket and whoever gets it will cherish it for some time . " You know how competitive cricketers are if you manage to pick up an international scalp . It 's always a nice one to have in the pocket , " Walter said .	Otago Volts not placing extra emphasis on England star Ben Stokes
Earlier this month , we were all devastated to hear that the best romance of our time , Selena Gomez and The Weeknd , had ended . And though Selena quickly got back together with our other favorite of her exes , not even the resurrection of Jelena could ease the pain . So hearing Selena Gomez ’s quote about The Weeknd and their relationship post-breakup is putting balm on the wound . It ’s OK . It ’s OK.In a Nov. 30 interview with Billboard magazine , Gomez addressed the breakup with her now-ex , who she dated for ten months — and it was so positive , I could just cry . There ’s no bitterness here , folks . Instead , Gomez says that the two still have a “ true friendship ” and that it was an amicable end . She said , Feels . Considering how hard it is sometimes to even stay civil during a split , can I just say I ’m super proud of Gomez and The Weeknd for apparently going the extra mile and managing to stay friends . Man , I hope my exes talk about me like this.It probably helps that , despite Gomez quickly rekindling her romance with her old / new flame , Justin Bieber , that her relationship with The Weeknd ended for that most understandable of celebrity breakup reasons . Namely , that their work was taking them away from each other . The two reportedly broke up by phone ( ugh ) , because their schedules were just too rough . A source told People at the time , Legit . Sad , but legit.Of course , the interview was n't all looking mournfully back at the past . Gomez also had some thoughtful things to say about her new ( slash old ) honey . Gomez and Bieber were off-and-on throughout most of the early 2010s , and are now pretty seriously “ on ” again following her split with The Weeknd , if the sightings are to be believed . Bieber reportedly reached out to Gomez after she underwent a kidney transplant in June , and from there , I guess , sparks flew . Gomez said that in a way , the back and forth actually helped them get back together . She told the magazine , Truth , Selena.Gomez and Bieber have been seen constantly by each others ' sides in the weeks since her split with The Weeknd , though they did n't immediately confirm a relationship . The two were seen riding bikes together , attending a hockey game ( with Gomez wearing his jersey no less ) and even going to church and having breakfast together . Sounds pretty serious , if you ask me.And oh yeah , there was also the moment when they were caught smooching at Bieber 's hockey game on Nov. 15 . That seems like a pretty big hint too.Anyway , relationship drama and accompanying hair change or no , Gomez looks like she 's moving on just fine . Still , it 's nice to know that she 's doing it in a healthy , respectful , and caring way . Love is n't dead , you guys . Not so long as we can all still speak well of our exes .	Selena Gomez ’s Quote About The Weeknd Is So Sweet & So Perfect
It ’s a trick question . We ’re all consumers and producers . The real question is which do you do more , consume or produce?This past year has been transformative for me . Mindfulness entered my world and ripped apart my thinking patterns.My awareness of thoughts , emotions , and purpose has evolved so much … I ’ve only just begun my friendship with mindfulness and learning the role it plays in the human experience.Which brings me back to the question of consumer vs. producer.Part of my ascent into mindfulness this year lead me to ponder this question : am I consuming too much?An even better question quickly followed - am I producing enough?Analyzing my daily production and consumption was eye opening because I realized my lack of production resulted in depression , envy , and confusion around my purpose.Have you ever spent hours on Facebook or Instagram only to realize those hours passed by with nothing to show for your time?If that ’s never happened to you , bravo . You must be a producer.It was n’t until I was able to admit my lack of production that I was able to at least try and catch myself in a state of consumption.The product can be anything - a blog post , a snap , a story , a proposal , an email , a call … It does n’t matter what the product is , so long as you ’re producing.Producing is the only way out of a mediocre life.Especially for solopreneurs , side hustlers , and professional salesmen who ’s income depends on production.I think too many of us consume too much and are unhappy because of it.If you really do n’t care about producing . Fine . Someone has to consume.As for me , I ’ve decided to produce more and consume more intentionally.The pursuit of happiness , of knowledge , and of personal growth , is only possible through production.It ’s the pursuit of a life well spent . Consumption always has a by-product and it ’s often something wasted . Usually time.Mindless consumption is the killer of dreams . I ’ve been getting better at consuming tastefully and tactically more often which makes me feel like I ’m actually in control of my time . I ’m not wasting time.Maybe there ’s another dimension where people can produce and consume at the same time … Producing makes me feel good because I know that my work will at some point be consumed and hopefully help someone.I ’m trying to share myself with the world more and consume and waste less in hopes that my work will mean something to someone.How about you ? When will you start consuming less and producing more?The first step to more production is self awareness and the second step is commitment . Without both you may never be a producer.Maybe that ’s okay . The world needs consumers too.I ’m still catching myself consuming too much . That ’s where the commitment comes into play and I begin producing.If I can do it , so can you.What do you want to produce and share with people ? Whatever it is , create it . Do it now and share it.Someone somewhere will consume it.Photo by Evan ClarkThanks for reading . If you enjoyed this piece please give it a clap or comment so I can check out your work and reciprocate.www.knowgetters.com	Are You a Consumer or Producer ?
Tuxtla Gutiérrez ( Mexico ) ( AFP ) - More than 5,000 indigenous Mexicans including pregnant women , sick children and the elderly have been forced to flee their homes because of a land war between rival villages , authorities said Thursday.A 40-year-old conflict in the southern state of Chiapas between the communities of Chenalho and Chalchihuitan has escalated recently as heavily-armed gunmen torched houses and forced people to flee at gunpoint , according to Catholic priests in the area.Armed groups have also set up roadblocks and begun harassing people crossing the disputed stretch of land between the two communities , the state government said.Thousands of people from the Tzotzil and Tzetzal ethnic groups have fled into the surrounding mountains fearing a bloodbath . " Illegal armed groups are creating an atmosphere of terror in the community of Chalchihuitan , causing the forced displacement of more than 5,000 people who are living in extremely precarious conditions and exposed to the elements , " the local Catholic diocese said in a statement . " More than 300 people have also been displaced from the municipality of Chenalho . " Bishop Felipe Arizmendis said the displaced families are living under plastic tarps.The state government said it is using airlifts to bring them food , blankets and medicine.Authorities have also deployed more than 100 soldiers to the area to keep the peace , said state secretary Juan Gomez.The conflict flared again in October after a woman was murdered in Chalchihuitan and her body abandoned on the disputed land.Gunmen then launched a series of raids on Chalchihuitan , while Chenalho residents dug large ditches to sever the roads between the two communities.Authorities said they have established a " permanent dialogue " between the mayors of the two municipalities.A court is due to rule soon on the land dispute .	5,000 indigenous Mexicans forced from homes in land war
MONTEVIDEO — The Uruguayan business conference of China and Latin American and Caribbean ( LAC ) countries will throw light on the changes in the Chinese economy , helping improve trade and other ties between the three sides , an Uruguayan academic said.Latin America lacks defined subregional strategies , especially on how to improve ties with China , said Ignacio Bartesaghi , dean of the faculty of business science at the Catholic University of Uruguay.The China-LAC 2017 Business Summit , to be held in Uruguayan resort Punta del Este from Nov 30 to Dec 2 , can help map out such strategies by providing information on the changes the Chinese economy is undergoing , its impact , and how Latin America can benefit from it.Bartesaghi is also one of the speakers at the second plenary session of the summit on Dec 1 , themed " Infrastructure development and cooperation between China and Latin America and the Caribbean . " Summit participants will explore whether the Chinese pattern of investing in Latin America will change , as well as learn about the importance of business partnerships with China , he told Xinhua.New paradigmThe academic is expecting the summit to help replace outdated thinking with a more realistic and dynamic vision of transregional ties . " These kinds of summits provide us with the reality of the changes taking place in China and how we can position ourselves to be able to stop thinking of China as ( just a country that ) buys our primary products and ... sells us electronic goods , " he said . " That 's where the central discussion is going to be ... to learn a little more about each other , both in business and government . " Bartesaghi said Uruguay is trying " to make a difference " by crafting a free trade agreement ( FTA ) with China , because closing an FTA with China implies much more than the deal itself , leading to deepening cooperation in strategic terms.Bartesaghi said China is also interested in Uruguay as a prior step to entering the regional market.Besides , closer ties with China and its Belt and Road Initiative could indirectly benefit Latin America , he said.The initiative China proposed in 2013 comprises the overland Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st-Century Maritime Silk Road , seeking to revive and expand the ancient Silk Road trade routes and connect Asia , Africa and Europe through better infrastructure , greater trade , and enhanced people-to-people exchanges . " Clearly we are not the focus of the Belt and Road Initiative , but the ripple effects of the plan can be favorable to the region , " Bartesaghi said.Potential cooperation areasBartesaghi also sees great potential for cooperation between Latin America and China in the infrastructure sector , citing transportation , where China boasts expertise particularly in high-speed railway and electric vehicles , as well as renewable energy . " The challenge is to lay out a strategy for China . That 's why fora like this are good . They provide us a platform to know each other better , " he said.More than 2,000 business leaders , government representatives and experts from various fields are attending the summit , an annual gathering started in 2007 and organized by the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade and the Inter-American Development Bank .	Expert hopes Uruguay business summit will map out China-related regional investment strategy
Since announcing our intention to launch the GoNetwork ICO , things have been moving at a super-sonic speed . It has been an amazing ride so far , over 12,000 people have joined us on Telegram and it ’s growing fast daily . All this incredible growth came from just world of mouth — by people talking about GoNetwork.It fills us with so much pride to see thousands of people believe in what we are trying to achieve with GoNetwork , to bring blockchain technology to the mobile market.Our community and the responsibility we have to them has absolutely fuel us to work around the clock — 7 days a week . Often with less than 5 hours sleep a day — we are excited everyday to get the ICO ready as soon as we possibly can.The team has been working hard to ensure we run a fair , secure and successful ICO . To do this we have hired some of the top lawyers in US and Canada ( http://dlapiper.com/ ) , who have handled top ICOs like ( doc.ai ) read more here : We have experts in every area that you would expect , ranging from ICO security to multi-national security laws that are making sure everything is legally and safely executed.We are leaving no stone unturned to ensure we make this ICO as fair and as inclusive as we possibly can . In the next 2 – 3 weeks we will be announcing the details of our token sale . We appreciate your patience and support . This has been the single most difficult piece of work , as we want to make it as fair as possible for all who believe in GoNetwork . One of the concepts we are working on is quite different from what you may have seen with other ICO ’s , so keep an eye out and make sure you join our telegram announcement channel ( http://t.me/gonetworkAnn ) for updates . We really feel you will like it!Our smart contract for the ICO will be launching soon . Currently we are testing it and adding some features to it . All the team and advisor tokens will be locked and vested over a period of time . We will also get it audited by the best auditing firms.We have also started talking to multiple exchanges as we prepare for the Token Distribution Event.On behalf of myself and my team I would like to thank you all for your continued support and look forward toward continuing this journey with you all.Ps , be sure to say hi to me when you see me in the telegram channel : ) Rashid KhanCEO - GoNetwork	GoNetwork telegram has grown to over 12k members — Thank you ! We have some updates for you .
Injury-hit Wales are targeting an unprecedented third consecutive home victory over South Africa on Saturday , with both teams by their own admission building depth ahead of the 2019 World Cup.With 11 of his initial 36-man squad out injured , Warren Gatland has had to juggle his squad . Skipper Sam Warburton has been joined on the sidelines by fellow Lions George North , Jonathan Davies and Liam Williams among others.Gatland has responded with five changes , including handing fellow Kiwi Hadleigh Parkes a first cap in a game being played on the very day he qualifies for his adopted country through three years of residency and a rare start at scrum-half for Aled Davies . " Saturday is an opportunity to continue to build on what we have done so far and round off the autumn campaign with a big performance , " said Gatland.Wales opened their campaign with a 29-21 defeat by Australia , followed by a scrappy 13-6 victory over Georgia and last week 's 33-18 loss to world champions New Zealand . " We have spoken about exposing the squad to Test match rugby and this weekend is a great opportunity for Hadleigh to earn his first cap and for Aled to make his first start of the campaign , " Gatland said.South Africa have lost their last two games against Wales in Cardiff , but Gatland said : " We 're expecting a hard encounter on Saturday and hopefully those experiences , performances and opportunities we created in terms of territory and possession against New Zealand , we need to convert that into points against South Africa . " The result 's important , there 's no doubt about that . The players , all of us , know how important it is to get a result . " - Restoring ' Bok pride - Springbok lock Lood de Jager said the South Africans were aiming to wrap up a season that has shown much improvement on last year , when the Springboks managed just four wins from 12 Tests . " We were utterly disappointed with last year , all the results we had , " De Jager said . " This year , from the start we said we needed to be better , on and off the field , and there 's a better vibe than last year . " This year has been about restoring pride . We needed to after a year like last year , it was not up to our standards , or standards of the history of Springbok rugby . " De Jager added : " If we get a good result on Saturday , we can be reasonably pleased with the year . " It 's our last game for six months and we want to end the year off well . " Springbok coach Allister Coetzee has rung the changes from the side that dismantled Italy 35-6 last week , making five changes to the starting line-up . " Wales are still a good side , " Coetzee said . " They 've got great attacking ability ... they 're very competitive at set piece -- you can never write off the Welsh team . " Turning to his own side , Coetzee added : " I 'm really satisfied by the progress shown this year . I 'm comfortable this year that the players have really grown , there 's been a lot of cohesion.To finish the season on a winning streak of three would show " massive progress , massive improvement " , the coach said .	Injury-hit Wales target treble over Springboks
Newsday ’s new billionaire owner , Patrick Dolan , is closing in on a deal to outsource its printing and distribution , sources tell Media Ink . If Dolan is successful , it could mean no more jobs for 280 drivers , pressmen and other trade workers . The paper ’s 220 journalists are likely to escape unscathed . As part of the plan , the Long Island newspaper will look to abandon its Melville HQ “ sometime next year ” and move into smaller facilities elsewhere on Long Island , sources said . Newsday is negotiating with the New York Times to print the Long Island newspaper at the Gray Lady ’s College Point , NY , plant . Michael LaSpina , president of Local 406 of the Graphic Communications Conference , which represents about 500 Newsday workers , said , “ The reality is , [ management ] told me they are trying to do this . I am not happy to be potentially losing so many jobs . I am unhappy about losing one job . But this is the industry we are in . My job now is to negotiate the best package I can get for them . ” LaSpina added : “ My understanding is nothing is signed yet , but I know they did speak to the New York Times about College Point . ” A Times spokeswoman declined to comment . The news was revealed to the rank and file on Nov. 3 in a memo from co-publishers Debby Krenek and Ed Bushey , who acknowledged they had “ started conversations with Local 406 ’s leadership ” about the possible changes . “ If this does come together , it would mean that Newsday would get out of the business of printing and distributing our products , and instead focus our resources and investments on content , audience and sales , ” the memo said . The Long Island Business News , which first reported the news , said Newsday is already scouting for new office space along Route 110 for editorial , advertising and administrative staff . A Newsday spokeswoman on Thursday said , “ We are in the early stages of conversations with the union leadership about exploring possible changes to our business . It is premature to predict how they will play out . ”	Newsday closing in on deal to outsource printing , delivery
Smoke alarms in a South Canterbury family 's home saved their lives , waking them as a fire broke out in the office underneath their bedrooms . Rebecca and Hayden Dwyer , and children Charlie , 5 , George , almost 4 , Ted , almost 2 , were asleep upstairs in their two-storey home near Fairlie when smoke alarms alerted to them to a fire in the office below the bedrooms . Rebecca Dwyer said she woke up at 2 am on Wednesday to the sound of a smoke alarm going off . She said she woke Hayden up and they both got out of bed to find the noise . That is when they could see smoke coming from the bottom of the office door - which was shut . The couple went downstairs opened the office door and saw the fire , which is believed to have started due to a lamp overheating . Rebecca Dwyer said she went back upstairs and woke her children up and took them outside and rung 111 . Meanwhile Hayden Dwyer started to put the fire out using one of two fire extinguishers the couple had and by throwing a bucket of water on the fire . When smoke started filling the house , Hayden joined his family outside where they waited for the Fairlie Volunteer Fire Brigade to arrive . It appeared Hayden had put out most of the fire before the brigade arrived , she said . Despite the actions of her husband , she said the smoke alarms were the ' real hero ' in this situation . " Pretty much if we had n't been woken up by the smoke alarm , our bed is above where the fire was , it would have just set the roof on fire . " If we had n't have got on to it early and had the fire extinguishers and stuff it would have really got hold ... for all the times you curse smoke alarms they really actually come in handy . " They 're so simple and so basic and can be annoying if the batteries go flat , or your toast is burning , but at the end of the day they really did save our lives . " Hayden Dwyer agreed , adding " I ca n't stress how important they are really , it 's life saving " . On Wednesday , fire safety investigator Craig Chambers was also pleased the incident had n't resulted in a worse outcome . " The really really good part of this is that the smoke alarms activated and the family was able to get out safely " . Fairlie Volunteer Fire Brigade station officer Wayne Dixon said two fire appliances and a water tanker from Fairlie responded to the house fire on Perrys Rd , near Fairlie , at 2.50 am on Wednesday . Dixon said the family " did everything right " . They had smoke alarms which alerted them to the fire , had a fire extinguisher and got out of the house quickly , he said .	Smoke alarm saves sleeping Fairlie family
Thanks to strong advances in technology , glaziers can now offer a variety of solutions for double glazing , from retrofitting your existing windows with double glazing through to brand new double glazing to fit your house and style specifications . When looking at your options , there ’s a number of points to consider before choosing to go new , or to retrofit double glazing to your home.Benefits of Retrofit Double GlazingRetrofit double glazing can be done in most cases , regardless of whether you have wooden or aluminium window frames . As New Zealanders , we love our old character homes and want to maintain the classic wooden features , especially when it comes to window frames . Typically , older houses are colder and have more drafts than newer builds , so double glazing can be a great option to maintain character and improve warmth.Using existing windows means a cost saving of 30 – 40 % over installing new windowsCan be applied to older , houses prone to drafts and dampnessDouble glazing can fit into existing windows of any size or shape , including feature windowsRetain the original character and charm of your featuresBenefits of New Double GlazingDespite the benefits of double glazing , sometimes its a better decision to choose new double glazed windows for your home . This is particularly important if you ’re looking to sell and you ’ve already renovated the rest of your house and the windows now look outdated . If you ’re in or building a new home , double glazing is becoming the common standard for new builds and is a very simple installation process.Large range of joinery to suit your lifestyle requirements and budgetOld windows may start wearing or rotting on the outside , have worn seals or lose the insulation around the frameIf you ’ve renovated or upgraded the outside of your house , your old windows may not match your home ’s styleThermoglaz specialise in new double glazing and retrofit double glazing within the Christchurch and greater Canterbury areas . We can work with your existing window frames ( wooden or aluminium ) , or fit brand new frames that look great and provide your home greater efficiency and warmth.Read the original post , and more glazier content over at the Thermoglaz blog .	Double Glazing : To Choose New or Retrofit ?
Cryptocurrencies , and in particular Bitcoins , have triggered attention in all walks of life very recently . With the support of blockchain technology , which is said to have ‘ disruption ’ on various sectors , cryptotoken is expected to replace people ’s perception on what traditional currency is.While cryptocurrency becomes increasingly popular , investors , however , are more concerned not only with the potential return , but also the stability of tokens . Gold has been regarded as one of the safe and valuable choices to back any currency , including crypto , even in tough economic times.Even though several forerunners had started creating gold-related blockchain projects , they mainly focus on linking certain amount of physical gold to support the value of their cryptocurrencies . What they missed out in the gold industry is the ‘ gold mines ’ , the origin of physical gold . The Quantum Gold initiative now aims at creating an infinite growing ecosystem which self derives gold . The team , formed by a group of entrepreneurs and pioneers of blockchain , IT , mining and finance sectors , focuses on the importance of backing a cryptocurrency by integrating the investable value of gold and gold mines . ‘ Quantum Gold is the first to deploy the blockchain technology for the gold mines industry . ’ The Chief Executive Officer of Quantum Gold , Steve Pang , having held executive posts in different multinational corporations in past two decades , said . ‘ Cost for operating gold mines keeps rising due to more stringent control on safety and environment protection . Quantum Gold provides an alternative and innovative financing approach to the industry which reduces repayment burden to mine owners in early years , and also provides blockchain technology to improve efficiency in mine production and logistic operations . ’ Investment decisions are consolidated by the blockchain technology , that investments on specific gold mines will be evaluated and deliberated by Ethereum-empowered decentralized autonomous organization process , which is being developed by the Quantum Gold Foundation.When Quantum Gold Foundation advocates the strong relationship between cryptocurrency and gold mines , in parallel , a number of gold mines are now appreciating the idea and going to sign memorandum of understanding ( MOU ) with the team . The first will be a mine located in Chifeng , Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region , which is forecasted to produce over 7,000 kg gold in around 18 years . The foundation now targets to sign up with at least 3 gold mines before launching its first public token sales process . ‘ We have confidence to bring big impact to gold industry by bridging with new blockchain technology and traditional mining , which is now costly and not environment friendly . At the end of the day , we want people see our not-yet-mined gold underground no different from surfaced one as its financial value is already realized by tokenization . We always then have the choice as to how and when to surface underground gold with the notion of environmental protection in mind . ’ Steve said.Quantum Gold token sales process will kick off very soon . For more details , please visit qtg.io .	A new cryptocurrency backed by gold and mines with a disruptive idea behind
The famine is over . Jimmy 's Pies should be appearing back on shop shelves after the Roxburgh based business was forced to close for three days in the aftermath of a flash flood that cut power and water supplies to the small Central Otago town . Owner Dennis Kirkpatrick said the team had done " big bake off " on Friday to catch up on the pie shortage following the floods . " We have had five cookers going . . . Normally we would do about 20,000 a day and we have done about 25,000 . Trucks went out this morning and are going out tomorrow morning and that should get us all caught up . " READ MORE : * Roxburgh flooding triggers Jimmy 's Pies shortage across Lower South Island ' Loose rocks ' above Roxburgh ready to fall , resident warns * Roxburgh flash flood ' like a train ' going past as water , rocks rushed into homes , school * Roxburgh residents urged to be ready to leave as new storm threatens * Central Otago flooding sparks evacuations , road closures , cuts power and water supplies " It 's really good to be back open . The locals are all happy . " The bakery was using pure , clean water from a tank filled with bore water at the rear of the shop , while the town 's supply was being tested , he said . " We are getting some samples tested which is a three-day test . We will know by the morning whether the water is safe to make coffee . " State Highway State Highway 8 will reopen to through traffic from 6 pm tonight through to 6 am on Monday , December 4 . From 6 am Monday , December 4 SH8 will be closed for at least another four days to allow works to continue at five sites throughout Roxburgh . The highway has been closed to through traffic at Millers Flat and Lake Roxburgh Village since Sunday evening 's flood event and a detour has been in place via Teviot Road . While reopened , speed restrictions and traffic management measures will be in place and police are calling on drivers to observe these . Senior Sergeant Ian Kerrisk said police would have a boosted presence in the Teviot Valley over the weekend with safety paramount . " When the highway reopens there will still be issues with debris , with dust ; there will be speed restrictions . It 's important please that we all just take that extra bit of care and slow down . Everybody is safe from the weekend and we want people to stay safe , especially on the roads . " Central Otago Mayor Tim Cadogan said the weekend reopening was due to the mammoth effort of contractors over the week . " It 's absolutely brilliant to see the hard work of the contractors over the last five days since the incident on Sunday night has allowed the road to be open through the course of the weekend . It 's going to allow a bit more normality for the residents and business communities of not just Roxburgh but Coal Creek and Ettrick and places in between that have been affected by the closure . " Full credit to the contractors . When I first got here on Monday I could n't believe we 'd have the town kind of back to normal by Friday . " Central Otago District Council Chief Executive Leanne Mash said during the week there had been 19 different contractors , 14 diggers and 17 trucks on site and tonnes of rock and debris carted away from the five affected creek sites . " This amazing effort has been from 7 am to 7 pm each evening . Now our hard working contractors need a rest . They will be off site for the weekend to recharge and recover . A skeleton crew will be on for dust suppression and traffic management tasks . " Council , together with NZTA , Fulton Hogan , police and fire and with input from ORC have come together in the best way possible to restore services , get roads sorted and help the town recover from this extreme weather event . " On the local road front , Tweed Street , Leitholm Place and Paisley Place will be residents only access this weekend . We ask everyone to respect this as we want our volunteer workforce to be safe as we de-sludge the neighbourhood . "	Roxburgh 's Jimmy 's Pies is back in business
“ Songs of Experience ” ( Interscope ) From the sounds of it , the process of making a U2 album is as laborious as a NASA mission to one of Jupiter ’s moons . Ego and ambition and insecurity and technology combine with a near-desperate desire to be relevant , not to mention a quintessentially Irish sense of duty and discipline equaled only by their unimaginable success and wealth . It makes for ludicrously high standards — after all , what ’s good enough when the sky is the limit , when money and studio time are no object and anything you want is just a text away ? Months in the studio turn into years ( five for their previous album ) as they rework and remix and reimagine and abandon dozens of songs , working to the verge of self-flagellation trying to make rock music that ’s relevant and contemporary and important without coming off like almost-60-year-olds in leather jackets and brand-new Yeezys … even if they are almost-60-year-olds in leather jackets and , okay , maybe not Yeezys but definitely sneakers . “ Songs of Experience ” is officially deemed a “ companion piece ” to 2014 ’s “ Songs of Innocence ” — you know , that surprise gift you still ca n’t delete from your iTunes — and arrives after a gestation that was painful even by U2 standards . The album was finished more than a year ago , but last Nov. 9 the band decided it was out of place in a world with a President Trump in it . While bassist Adam Clayton described the ensuing revisions to Variety as “ a little bit of cosmetic surgery , ” nine producers are credited , mainly longtime collaborator Jacknife Lee and OneRepublic frontman Ryan Tedder along with seven others , including Danger Mouse ( Gnarls Barkley , Black Keys , Gorillaz ) , Paul Epworth ( Adele , Florence and the Machine ) and career-long collaborator Steve Lillywhite . Against those odds — or maybe because of them — “ Songs of Experience ” is the band ’s best since “ How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb ” ( which won the best album Grammy in 2006 ) and it ’s a remarkable accomplishment for a band in its fifth decade of existence . The unmistakable hallmarks of the U2 sound are there — Bono ’s soaring melodies and dog-leg diction ( “ The Little Things That Give You Away , ” “ Get Out of Your Own Way ” and “ Love Is Bigger Than Anything in Its Way ” are fine successors to “ Stuck in a Moment You Ca n’t Get Out Of ” ) , and The Edge ’s chiming riffs and the thunderous rhythm section are familiar without lapsing into self-parody . They stretch without going over a cliff : “ Lights of Home ” has a swampy acoustic groove , “ Get Out of Your Own Way ” some pulsating electronic percussion and even a cameo from Kendrick Lamar at the end — which , frankly , I was dreading , but is tastefully appended onto the song as a speech rather than an awkwardly integrated rap . The musicianship is impeccable throughout , although it must be said that The Edge turns in one of the greatest performances of his storied career on “ The Little Things That Give You Away . ” He drives the song from a gentle beginning to an almost comically melodramatic finale , launching with some trademark clouds of sound — upon closer inspection they turn out to be a densely complicated mesh of chords and echo and rapid notes that sprinkle like rainfall — until four minutes in , when the song bursts wide open and the clouds part and the sun blazes and The Edge climbs onto a windblown mountaintop and ( you get the idea ) . Along with “ You ’re the Best Thing About Me ” and “ Love Is Bigger than Anything in Its Way , ” it ’s a vintage latter-day U2 song along the lines of “ Beautiful Day ” or “ City of Blinding Lights . ” The album sags a bit in the middle but opens and closes strong , and while some of the “ contemporary ” flourishes hang awkwardly on the band ’s sturdy , workmanlike frame ( particularly the Tedderesque “ hey-yo ” s and “ woah-oh ” s ) , they sounds much more comfortable in their own skin than on “ Innocence ” — although honestly , even three years later it ’s hard to separate that album from the hubris and schadenfreude of its launch . But as big and loud and insufferable as U2 can sometimes be , God love ‘ em , after all these years and millions and triumphs and pratfalls and embarrassing over-reaches ( ahem “ Rattle and Hum ” cough “ Pop ” erm “ iTunes ” ) , at a time when most of their one-time contemporaries have either given up or should , they ’re still stretching , yearning , trying so hard to be great — and you ca n’t reach for the stars without jumping up and down like an idiot .	Album Review : U2 ’s ‘ Songs of Experience ’
The way the bitcoin ecosystem will play out is written in the mathematics of its consensus rules ; we should all know the three phases it will go through.First Era : Satoshi ’s Free Offer ( 2009 – 2014 ) In the early years of bitcoin , it was obscure and unvaluable . Demand was so tiny you could send any amount for free . There was no real congestion , so software did n’t handle it , nor did business plans : gambling service Satoshidice famously sent a 1-satoshi payment to losing bets , using the infinite-capacity blockchain as a signaling layer . It was all free money.Bitcoin was a new , barely-understood technology . It was hard enough to comprehend the interactions of its constituent parts , let alone extrapolate to what this would mean in future . Several factors made this worse : The pseudonymity and lack of central authority was deeply attractive to scammers , who became pervasive enough to make the permeation of real information extremely difficult and also lead to widespread distrust.The success of the system brought others who tried to replicate it ( often with the main goal of simply generating money ) and almost always with minimal understanding of the system . [ 1 ] The early adopters had not only the normal tribalism of an emerging clique , but a concrete financial self-interest in adoption . The resulting boosterism meant it was extremely difficult for any awkward facts to permeate the wider ecosystem.The result there was surprisingly low awareness that this phase of “ free money ” was not the natural state of bitcoin . The developers were aware , so added some configurable settings in the reference client to minimize the worst abuses . These rules did not change bitcoin , just the default behavior : they added a minimum fee [ 2 ] , stopped relaying tiny payments [ 3 ] , and enhanced the scripting language to reduce the size taken up by unspent outputs [ 4 ] . Second Era : Satoshi ’s Subsidy ( We Are Here ) “ Bitcoin is shifting to a new economic policy , with possibly higher fees . ” The bursty statistical nature of block production , combined with the volatile market of bitcoin , began to produce intermittent capacity issues . These had been previously dealt with by code optimizations and tweaking settings by miners ; now they became more regular and significant , causing rising awareness that the First Era was at risk.Inevitably , many people wanted to prolong the free ride . This pressure was exacerbated by software and services unprepared for dynamic fee conditions , and the difficult nature of such fee conditions themselves : reliably guessing what fee would allow a transaction into the next block turned out to be difficult at best , and extremely difficult to present to users [ 5 ] . The developers ’ general reluctance to support a naive increase stemmed from several factors : Previous increases on the network had driven significant centralization pressure , including a period where over half the network was under control of a single pool . [ 6 ] This would be the first backwards-incompatible change since Bitcoin ’s introduction.Providing a “ one-off ” bump risks moral hazard , as lobbying for expansion is seen as cheaper and easier than engineering improvements.Despite being expected , neither software nor services were preparing for the transition . This may have been because they did n’t really believe the transition would occur . [ 7 ] The developers generally want to follow the community , not lead . Changes which are economically significant or contentious feed a narrative of developer reliance . [ 8 ] Transitions in a large , complex system need to be as gradual as possible to avoid unintended side effects . As the Third Era approaches , the Second Era provides that gradual transition , with time for software and services to gain experience with bitcoin as it will eventually be.The developers implemented several improvements to address congestion . First among them was wide-ranging and significant optimizations [ 9 ] designed to handle the network now running at capacity . Block propagation was improved by a global network of node relays [ 11 ] and new strategies for better propagation [ 12 ] . Fee estimation algorithms became more sophisticated [ 13 ] , along with restoring the ability to replace transactions ( by increasing the fee ) [ 14 ] and having the recipient boost transactions [ 15 ] . Despite centralization fears of larger blocks , an opt-in block expansion [ 16 ] was added which will eventually double the network throughput as software is updated to use it . Work is ongoing on packing more transactions into blocks [ 17 ] , which increases throughput without the centralization risks of block expansion.It is not surprising that such efforts were seen for what they were : insufficient to maintain the First Era . Bitcoin ’s use as a payment network , always awkward due to block time variance , became even harder : a whole class of payments below $ 20 were no longer viable . Businesses and users established in the First Era began looking longingly at alternate coins still in their own First Era , and also lobbied for relief . A significant mining monopoly had formed at this stage , and it joined these efforts . [ 18 ] Though these efforts failed , it ’s important to note that while some who wanted the First Era to continue considered the Third Era avoidable [ 19 ] , many just felt it should n’t happen now . The most convincing argument was that it would harm adoption , which is a major factor for both usefulness and regulatory resistance . Unfortunately this argument never becomes less compelling , and carries all the hazards enumerated above.It is undeniable that an increase in transaction capacity reduces the eventual burden of fees , and is the main motivation for the growth plans which were implemented in this era . [ 20 ] Third Era : Self Sufficiency ( 2028 ? onwards ) “ Once a predetermined number of coins have entered circulation , the incentive can transition entirely to transaction fees and be completely inflation free . ” — Satoshi Nakamoto , Bitcoin : A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash SystemOnce the “ free money ” bootstrap phases of bitcoin are complete the system enters the phase of self-sufficiency , where users bear the cost of securing the network against double-spending ( currently billions of USD each year [ 21 ] ) . This is phased in by halving the block subsidy every four years . [ 22 ] Current levels suggest fees will be comparable with the subsidy at the 2024 halving , and consistently dominate from 2028 onwards . [ 23 ] User-facing businesses established in the First Era who flourished into the Second Era will find the Third Era extremely difficult . One large business claims to be responsible for 25 % of the bitcoin transactions : in 10 years they would be paying $ 700M per year to secure the network at current levels [ 24 ] . Yet no business is telling their investors about this impending cost , nor that they plan on reducing their on-chain percentage [ 25 ] nor suggesting that they are depending on significant bitcoin appreciation to offset these costs [ 26 ] . Miners will find the Third Era equally difficult . Directly supported by users , they will be in constant tension with them over fee levels , and in danger of having their income squeezed by large businesses or cliques of users . This may lead to further centralization , as miners consolidate under revenue pressure . This centralization may be offset by businesses choosing to invest directly in mining , however . [ 27 ] The Third Era Will Start With Civil WarThe mathematics of this situation seem inevitable : The miners and businesses with large transaction volume will both decide to ( re ) introduce inflation . For the large-volume businesses this will externalize their costs , and for miners it ’s simply “ free money ” . The battle lines will be similar to the early Second Era New York Agreement , but this effort will be more nuanced and far broader , with mainstream arguments such as : The founder was not an economist ; Economists recommend inflation around 1 % to encourage spending . [ 28 ] The support burden of the network should be shared by the wealthy bitcoin holders , not just those actually using their bitcoin.The counter-arguments are : The 21 million bitcoin limit was a key reason for bitcoin ’s success , The system ’s founder made a conscious and deliberate choice for bitcoin to be a store-of-value over subsidizing payments , by eschewing inflation , andChanging the rules now is stealing from early adopters ( notably , but not mainly , the anonymous founder ) . The main resistance to this change would come from the developers themselves ( who feel this limit is non-negotiable [ 30 ] ) and long-term bitcoin holders . Businesses will be divided : those which cater to the latter ( insurers , vaults ) will be against the change , and those with high onchain volume ( exchanges , wallet providers ) will be for it.Although this crisis is entirely predictable from first principles , and laid in the bedrock of bitcoin , it may yield surprising results . And even if bitcoin ’s supply remains capped [ 31 ] , the drama it can produce is limitless [ 32 ] . Disclosure : the author holds bitcoin and works for Blockstream.Footnotes , Containing Further Reading [ 1 ] Some of the complexity with building a cryptographic currency are detailed in https://download.wpsoftware.net/bitcoin/alts.pdf [ 2 ] The default “ mintxfee ” : the fee below which normal transactions would not be accepted by nodes ; this reduced spam from tiny transactions . As a compromise , transactions which were spending old bitcoins were exempt from this ( so-called “ priority transactions ” ) as they are by nature a finite resource . https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Transaction_fees#Settings [ 3 ] The default “ dust limit ” : tiny payments below this would not be accepted by nodes ; this avoided creating tiny payments which would never be economical to spend in future . It was considered a controversial restriction on Bitcoin , as demonstrated by https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=196138.0 . This foreshadows the confusion to be felt later . [ 4 ] Pay-to-script-hash moves the “ what do I need to prove to spend this bitcoin ? ” script to the spender . Before this , the whole network has to remember those exact requirements for spending each coin ( which adds up to quite a lot over time ) . https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Pay_to_script_hash [ 5 ] The fee depends on the size of the transaction , and not the amount transferred . It ’s analogous to a courier charging by weight : sending 1000 pennies is going to be more expensive than sending a $ 100 bill . That makes engineering sense , but it ’s deeply counterintuitive for a user who does n’t know if they are holding pennies or bills . [ 6 ] The blocksize default limit increased to 750 kilobytes around this time https://blockchain.info/charts/avg-block-size?timespan=all . Miners complained of their “ orphan rate ” increasing : blocks losing the race to extend the blockchain because they took too long to reach the other miners . This problem is less for larger miners , who are more likely to find the next block as well . This seems to be the main force behind Ghash.io ’s rise : orphaning will be rarest on the largest pool of miners . https://www.coindesk.com/bitcoin-mining-detente-ghash-io-51-issue/ [ 7 ] As November 2017 neither blockchain.info nor Coinbase ( both of which claim large transaction volumes ) have adopted Segregated Witness , despite the technology being finalized at the end of 2015 . [ 8 ] This trend was begun by the anonymous founder Satoshi Nakamoto leaving the project . [ 9 ] Unfortunately growth has fairly evenly tracked improvements , meaning new nodes do n’t synchronize with the network any faster than they did a few years ago [ 10 ] . https://bitcoincore.org/en/2017/03/13/performance-optimizations-1/ [ 10 ] It ’s actually difficult to get older nodes to synchronize to the modern network , but with small fixes it ’s possible . It takes about 30 seconds per block on a fast machine , however . https://medium.com/provoost-on-crypto/historical-bitcoin-core-client-performance-c5f16e1f8ccb#874c [ 11 ] Matt Corallo both releases code to run your own global high-performance relay network , and runs one himself . http://bitcoinfibre.org/ [ 12 ] Since most transactions contained in a block have already been seen , nodes save a lot of bandwidth and time by sending a summary . Average block propagation is now faster than transaction propagation , in fact . https://bitcoincore.org/en/2016/06/07/compact-blocks-faq/ [ 14 ] Bitcoin originally supported upgrading transactions which were n’t in blocks yet using a sequence number , but this was removed as it allowed users to flood the network with transactions . Replace-by-fee restores this ability , but only if the fee increases significantly . https://bitcoincore.org/en/faq/optin_rbf/ [ 15 ] Instead of just considering the fees paid by a transaction , software also considers the fees paid by any transactions which spend this it , which might make it worth including both in the block : so-called “ child-pays-for-parent ” . https://bitcoincore.org/en/faq/optin_rbf/#what-is-child-pays-for-parent-cpfp [ 16 ] Segregated Witness moves signatures of transactions which support it to elsewhere in the block . The design counts those signatures ( which are not seen by older nodes ) as if they were 1/4 of the size ; on current transactions patterns this would mean an average block of about 2 MB if all users were to use such transactions . https://bitcoincore.org/en/2016/01/26/segwit-benefits/ [ 17 ] While each transaction takes time to validate , even low-end CPUs are now powerful enough : the main capacity constraints are network bandwidth and long-term storage requirements . https://bitcoincore.org/en/2016/06/24/segwit-next-steps/#schnorr-signatures and https://bitcoincore.org/en/2016/06/24/segwit-next-steps/#mast [ 19 ] The argument that “ maybe someone else will pay for it ” instead of bitcoin users seems unsupportable by a reality in which Santa Claus does not exist . https://medium.com/@octskyward/hashing-7d04a887acc8 [ 20 ] At current levels , and 1c transaction fees , it would take 1 million transactions per block to support the network , or a 225 MB block size ( median transaction size ) . With current block size , it would require $ 20 transaction fees . [ 21 ] 52,560 blocks per year , 12.5 bitcoin subsidy and 2 bitcoin fee per block , $ 8000 USD/BTC = 6 billion USD . [ 22 ] The “ halvening ” happens every 210,000 blocks . Bitcoin was launched with a 50BTC block reward in January 2009 , becoming 25BTC in November 2012 and 12.5 BTC in July 2016 . You can follow the excitement at http://www.thehalvening.com/ [ 23 ] This assumes fee levels of 3 BTC per block , which is slightly higher than the average current levels . That corresponds to about 450 BTC a day on this chart : https://blockchain.info/charts/transaction-fees?timespan=all# [ 24 ] This assumes only that miners are receiving the same USD income as now , but half is from fees . [ 25 ] The current trend seems to be the opposite : companies raising funds brag about how dominant they are on the network in terms of transactions . [ 26 ] If the bitcoin price rises significantly , then miners may be fine with smaller fees . However , if your business plan relies on a significant bitcoin price increase , would n’t investors just buy bitcoin instead of investing in your business ? [ 27 ] Given the exposure of bitcoin businesses to extortion by a mining cartel ( who could profitably censor their transactions ) , investing in mining makes sense , as does development of fungibility improvements to make targeting companies more difficult . Neither has yet occurred from large businesses , though . [ 31 ] I would oppose such a proposal , too , and believe it would fail . But I ’m convinced it will be seriously proposed and adamantly promoted . [ 32 ] Of particular note : if some capacity growth like Pieter Wuille ’s 17 % growth per-annum is adopted [ 33 ] , at some point there may be excess capacity again , driving fees to zero and threatening the security of the chain . The developers will presumably propose a soft fork implementing some kind of lower limit in non-busy periods [ 34 ] , and miners can be anticipated to side with the developers against the short-term users and businesses . [ 34 ] Such as Mark Friedenbach ’s flexcap proposal , which is simplest to implement once the subsidy can be ignored . https://scalingbitcoin.org/transcript/hongkong2015/a-flexible-limit-trading-subsidy-for-larger-blocks	The Three Economic Eras of Bitcoin
As part of Apacer ’s sponsorship package for my build log , they also agreed to sponsor the camera equipment chronicling the build in the form of one of their new 128 GB SDXC/SDHC UHS-I U3 Class 10 SDCards and a USB3 .1 multicard reader . This is generous of them , but I would be amiss if I did n’t also get some benchmarks of it in use so here we go.Looking at CrystalDiskMark these are impressive numbers indeed for a SDCard and way above all the other cards that I have been using . Recently I just upgraded my camera equipment ( Lumix G7 ) so I can create 4k content , and these additional speeds will support me to do my work . Using the card , I ’ve already noticed an increase in how quickly files save after shooting and it handles recording in 4k aptly.The UHS-I U3 memory card standard shows how far storage technology has come in such a short time , and the Apacer implementation of this standard is well done.This Apacer UHS-I U3 memory card gets a Recommended Award from me and a Required Award if you ’re a content creator working in 4K . Conscription again , I swear these guys do get some days off!Apacer ’s own rated speeds ( recorded using the AM530 USB 3.1 Gen 1 Card Reader attached to a USB3 .0 port )	Apacer UHS-I U3 SDCard Review
SEOUL , South Korea ( AP ) — Two days after North Korea test-launched its most powerful missile to date , a clearer picture is emerging of Pyongyang 's impressive technological achievement — and what still remains before it can legitimately threaten the continental United States.Many questions remain , but there 's broad agreement from government and outside analyses that the huge Hwasong-15 intercontinental ballistic missile represents a significant step forward , putting the North very close to its goal of a viable arsenal of nuclear-tipped long-range missiles — maybe as early as the middle of next year.The two-stage liquid-fuel missile fired Wednesday is potentially capable of striking targets as far as 13,000 kilometers ( 8,100 miles ) , which would put Washington within reach , South Korea 's Defense Ministry said Friday in a report to lawmakers . It 's also considerably larger than North Korea 's previous ICBM , the Hwasong-14 , and designed to deliver larger warheads , the ministry said . That would seem to confirm the North 's boast after the launch that the Hwasong-15 can carry " super-large heavy nuclear warheads . " Michael Elleman , an analyst at the International Institute for Strategic Studies , said it appears that the Hwasong-15 can deliver a 1,000-kilogram ( 2,200 pound ) payload to any point on the U.S. mainland . North Korea , which has so far conducted six nuclear tests , has almost certainly developed a nuclear warhead that weighs less than 700 kilograms ( 1,543 pounds ) , if not one considerably lighter , Elleman wrote Friday on the 38 North website . North Korea said the missile on Wednesday reached an apogee of 4,475 kilometers ( 2,780 miles ) and flew 950 kilometers ( 600 miles ) , splashing down close to Japan after being launched from a site near Pyongyang on a high trajectory to avoid other countries ; that flight data was similar to what was announced by South Korea 's military.It 's still not clear how close the missile is to being combat ready . The Defense Ministry told lawmakers that further review is needed to determine whether the missile 's warhead can survive atmospheric re-entry , accurately hit a target and detonate properly.South Korean President Moon Jae-in shared his country 's assessment with President Donald Trump in a telephone conversation Thursday night . The leaders reaffirmed their commitment to strengthen pressure and sanctions on Pyongyang to discourage its nuclear ambitions , Seoul 's presidential office said Friday.North Korea has described its new ICBM as " significantly more " powerful than the Hwasong-14 , which the North flight tested twice in July . Photos and video of the launch released by the North 's state media on Thursday confirm the Hwasong-15 is an entirely different beast.After initially assessing the missile as a modified version of the Hwasong-14 following Wednesday 's launch , South Korea 's military now says the Hwasong-15 is considerably larger and potentially capable of carrying bigger payloads.The Hwasong-15 is longer than the Hwasong-14 by 2 meters ( 6.56 feet ) and also thicker , particularly its second stage , which is 80 centimeters ( 2.62 feet ) wider than Hwasong-14 's second stage , Seoul 's Defense Ministry said.Hwasong-15 's 9-axle transport vehicle , which the North also revealed for the first time , was also 2 meters ( 6.56 feet ) longer than the 8-axle truck the North used to carry the Hwasong-14s . The Hwasong-15 's first stage is powered by a pair of engines that were also used in the single-engine first stages of the Hwasong-14 , the ministry said . It was still working to analyze the construction of the second stage.It 's possible that the missile has been designed to carry simple decoys , or other countermeasures , to confuse the U.S. missile defense system , Elleman wrote.He added that " if low confidence in the missile 's reliability is acceptable , two or three test firings over the next four to six months may be all that is required before Kim Jong Un declares the Hwasong-15 combat ready . "	Seoul : N. Korea 's New Missile Could Reach Washington
Paul ' Zed ' Zarifeh was a craftsman and innovator from childhood . His favourite toy was his Meccano model construction set An inventive and forward-thinking businessman , he staunchly backed Kiwi products , hired local staff at his successful wetsuit factories and retail stores and passionately supported Christchurch people , products and businesses . The respected entrepreneur and much-loved father-of-three , husband and friend died at home of pancreatic cancer on November 23 . He was 60 . Zarifeh was born in Gaza in the midst of the Suez Canal War on 19 December 1956 to a Kiwi mother and Palestinian father . He was known as a hard case and an adventurous sort with an unwaveringly positive approach to life . His youth was marked by surfing , long hair and his love of motorbikes , including his 1968 Triumph Bonneville . READ MORE : The family soon set sail on a passenger liner to New Zealand and Paul attended Christchurch Boys High School . He was fondly known as Zed , then Big Zed when the younger siblings arrived . Zarifeh was business minded , and after dropping out of his degree course at the University of Canterbury , he opened a bag manufacturing company out of a shed at the back of the family home in Riccarton . The company was doing Zarifeh , but Paul never shied away from a challenge , and dived into manufacturing wetsuits on the suggestion of friend Geoff White . The pair founded the Canterbury Wetsuit Company , later Seventhwave Wetsuits , in 1987 . In a write-up of the company 's history , Zarifeh admitted that in the early years they " simply did n't know what to do " . " We had to work everything out from scratch : neoprene , patterns , machines , processes and all the bits in between . " The pair took a punt on a shipment of Japanese neoprene and brazenly accepted their first order – 300 kids ' spring wetsuits . They rented a factory , hired staff , bought basic sewing machines and designed patterns and samples , eventually evolving into adult sizes and wetsuit repair work , until finding their niche in specialty wetsuits suitable for chilly South Island waters . Quality and innovation became the company 's trademark , and they were swamped with requests for custom-fit wetsuits . " The development of the detachable hood system on our neck entry models was thanks to a customer suggestion written on the back of a banking slip ! " he said in the company bio . Wholesalers started to take notice and soon they were distributing to nearly 40 retailers around the country , eventually selling in over 20 countries worldwide . In July 1996 , Seventhwave moved into their Ferrymead store , where they stayed for the next 14 years . Shortly after , the family – Paul , his wife Julie , and their three children Sam , Jared , and Kristi – moved to Devonport , Auckland , and opened the first North Island based stores , running those until the family returned to Christchurch in the mid-2000s . Only a day after moving the Ferrymead store into its new location on Dyers Rd , Bromley , the September 2010 earthquake rocked the city . The shop escaped major damage , as it again did when the 2011 earthquake struck , but with their livelihood – the ocean – heavily polluted and deemed unsafe , the business took a major hit . Julie Zarifeh said Paul 's 2014 pancreatic cancer diagnosis came as a shock to them both . They sold the store and decided to travel , clocking up 35,000 kilometres travelling New Zealand in a campervan , and knocked off several of the Great NZ cycle trails before heading off on a family trip to Europe . The Zarifeh clan " could not have asked for a brother who showed more love , more empathy and more genuine interest in us and our lives " , his younger brother Mark recalled . Paul is survived by his wife , his three children and siblings Mark , David , Margaret and Nadra . A service was held at The Piano on Wednesday and a paddle out in his memory would start from Stoke St , Sumner , at 6.30 am on Saturday .	Life story : Paul Zarifeh was suited to success
ST. GEORGE , Utah — A large amount of explosives and illegally built survivalist cabins were found by crews working to suppress a wildfire in southern Utah in June . According to a release issued Thursday by the Iron County Sheriff ’s Office , boxes of modified novelty hand grenades , explosive powder , fuses , ammunition and firearms were found in multiple survivalist-style shelters illegally built on U.S. Forest Service and state-managed land near the ski resort town of Brian Head . Firefighters battling the 71,000-acre Brian Head fire heard a series of “ popping ” sounds while working to control the blaze near Henderson Hill on June 27 — 10 days after the fire was allegedly started by a man using a weed torch to clear his property in dry conditions , the release stated . “ The firefighters first thought the ' popping ' sounds were rocks exploding due to heat , but as the sound continued for approximately five minutes , firefighters realized the ‘ popping ’ sound was actually ammunition exploding in the fire , ” Iron County sheriff ’s Lt. Del Schlosser wrote in the release . Firefighters discovered a burned-down cabin and a bunker that had been dug into the ground . The bunker contained a box of grenades that had been altered by drilling out the bottoms and plugging the drilled holes with threaded , galvanized pipe plugs . Explosive powder , fuses , ammunition and containers of food storage were also found in the bunker . On June 30 , officers contacted a man in Parowan , about 20 minutes away , who admitted to owning the cabin , bunker and explosives . He also told investigators there were an additional seven or eight structures hidden throughout the area that he had built over a " number of years . " " He said it was a place to go when the end of the world came , " Schlosser said . Dozens of grenades in inert condition were found in the original bunker . Bomb technicians destroyed several hand grenades at the site and “ a significant quantity ” of black powder . More : Soldier of Fortune ends print run after four decade More : Survivalist cop-killer fights for his own life — in court Investigators located each of the bunker and cabins the next day . All the structures had been built on public land . County and federal officials had to remove the items from the bunkers before dismantling them . Two of the cabins had been destroyed in the fire . They had been constructed with concrete footings at each of the four corners as anchors for the structure . It was also outfitted with a corrugated metal roof and a metal stove and chimney . Another cabin was located on a steep mountainside outside of the fire area on state-managed land . This cabin , which was not effected by the fire , was made of plywood and two-by-four beams secured to concrete footing , measuring approximately 4 feet wide by 8 feet long and 10 feet tall in size . Two bunk-beds , food and water storage , reading materials and a small amount of ammunition were found inside . The name of the Parowan man has not been released . Schlosser said a criminal investigation has been completed and has been forwarded to the Iron County Attorney ’s Office and the U.S. Attorney ’s Office to determine whether charges should be filed . Follow Bree Burkitt on Twitter : @BreeBurkitt	Hidden bunkers stocked with explosives , survivalist supplies uncovered during Utah wildfire
You are invited to discuss Optimization of Monte Carlo simulation modelsWe are kicking off the Inspiration Sessions , which are aimed at getting industry experts together with our JADS researchers to push key industry subjects forward . On Friday December 8th , EyeOn will be the hosting partner and we will discuss optimization of Monte Carlo simulation models.JADS professor of Optimization Wim Nuijten is carrying out cutting edge research in this domain and he will join for academic reflection.BackgroundPlanning supply chains is challenging not only because of complex business rules and constraints , but also because of the uncertainty about the future that you are planning for . Particularly , the uncertainty about the volume and mix of customer demand , and the uncertainty in resupply lead times and quantities make that companies need to anticipate a large number of possible scenarios in their supply chain decisions . The combination of complex business rules and uncertainty typically makes it difficult to apply theoretical models due to the restrictive assumptions under which they give the right decisions . A technique that is much less restrictive in terms of business rules and constraints that can be modelled is Monte Carlo simulation.ChallengeWe have been working on techniques to optimize decisions using discrete event simulation . We apply genetic algorithms and simulated annealing to find the best sets of decisions . One of challenges we faced was the trade-off between longer runs leading to more accurate estimates of output variables and shorter runs to evaluate more scenarios in the same time.In this inspiration session , we ’d like to : share our findings so far ; hear about similar initiatives in this area ; discuss approaches to improve the solver.Come join us for an informal discussion at JADS Mariënburg on December 8th , from 14.00 hrs until 17.00 hrs , including drinks.About EyeOnIn striving for success , large companies continuously struggle with growing internal complexity . EyeOn helps their clients manage this complexity by designing , implementing and executing excellent planning processes as a discriminating factor for this success . In order to achieve this , EyeOn develops and shares knowledge about top level planning and forecasting , with constantly demonstrable return on investment for their clients.RegistrationBecause of the exclusive character of this event , a limited number of registrations will be accepted . Please register via the following link : Register here .	Optimization of Monte Carlo simulation models December 8th
Noel Andrews would have loved it ; the memorial service held for his family , friends and former neighbours in Riverton on a sunny Saturday . He 'd asked for the venue , asked especially for the Camp Longwood hall , so near their old home , in Richard St. But his girls , they 'd been unsure . They 'd all had their wedding dances at the old hall . That was n't yesterday and they were n't sure . What would it be like now ? Actually , wonderful . Sunshine flooded in the north side , great views of hills and homes on the south , flowers and generous afternoon tea organised by Riverton RSA ladies . And so many gathered there to enjoy it , share old photos , memories and anecdotes . Andrews had passed away six months ago in Rangiora where he and his wife Betty ( his " Bid " ) retired in 1998 to be near family there . They were living in care in more recent times , and when Andrews died a funeral service was held . The memorial service preceded the interment of his ashes in the Riverton Cemetery . He would not be happy anywhere else . His wish was to go home and the girls knew what that meant and arranged everything to suit . Younger brother Owen provided the biographic detail , passed as right by sisters Estelle Andrews and Ngaere Densem . Andrews was born in Nightcaps on May 21 , 1927 , to parents Eric and Ida [ . When the family moved to Invercargill Andrews went to Waihopai Primary School and Southland Boys ' High School . He followed his dad to Riverton and helped with his wide-ranging milk delivery service , eventually taking it over ; expanding to include a milk bar and tearooms at Taramea Bay and much later a drapery store in the township . Andrews met and married Betty ( Bid ) McMurtrie in 1957 They had a family of four , and daughters Susan , Joy and Vikkie talked movingly of their dad who might seem gruff but had a heart of gold . Vikkie , 53 now , remembered how her dad was said to have hoped their fourth child would be a boy but when he found a little girl he saw that she could become the helper he needed , so small she could fit under floors and in manholes . She recalled with amusement this early life with dad . All the girls remembered how many meetings dad would go to and how he always had a boat on the lawn , half-built but never took it to sea . His final years in the mayoralty were filled with debate about the proposed water and sewage schemes and the costs involved . When the old issue was settled and the scheme set to go ahead he stepped aside . He had followed his dad Eric on to the council , into the mayoralty and shared his Nightcaps-induced love of mining , both holding a hobby interest in gold at Round Hill during many years . Joy 's husband , Neil Gillespie , welcomed people to the service at which Vic Breayley paid tribute to the time and energy Andrews put in as a volunteer into community life . From raising for tennis courts and beach amenities to selling strawberries and spinning chocolate wheels in the days when few grants were forthcoming and progress relied upon the generosity of those who gave time and energy to raising money for community projects . Andrews is survived by his Bid ( in care in Rangiora ) , by his children and their and theirs – making 16 grandchildren and 14 great-grandchildren , and doubtless by new settlers at Riverton who enjoy amenities he once helped put in place .	Riverton milkman turned mayor
Television is an instrument of distance . Watching through our screens connects us to new experiences , other worlds and varying viewpoints . We choose what we want to see , and we control our exposure with the simple push of a button.Sports are weird . The average sports fan turns on the TV , watches a game , ( maybe keeping track of their fantasy points if it ’s the NFL or something ) , and when the game is over , turns off the TV . The connection stops . Our emotional distance goes from a few feet to hundreds of miles in the blink of an eye . And for decades , that connection has only lasted a few hours every week . Collegiate or professional ; football , basketball or baseball ; international or semi-pro — our average connection with sports is through the sport itself and not with the individuals.I wanted to make One with Wolfpack Football because I wanted the average sports fan to experience a stronger connection . I wanted viewers to understand that student-athletes — and by extension professional athletes — are people before anything else . They experience pain like anyone else , they laugh at jokes like anyone else , they struggle with doubt , they forge lasting relationships , they bleed , they cry , and all they want to do is succeed.We define people by what we see them do or say . If all we know is that athletes play sportsball and coaches coach sportsball , then to us , that is their only purpose . We reinforce this expectation every time we used that damned remote . But what if we open ourselves up to others ’ stories ? We can begin to empathize , understand and connect better with our fellow human . How did they grow up ? What or who did they lose in their lives ? What circumstances did they overcome ? If we know these things , maybe we ’ll all just end up a little kinder toward others we do n’t know . Or we ’ll keep our distance and yell at the kicker . I know which I would choose.If you ’ve never seen One with Wolfpack Football , that ’s okay . This is not me begging for your viewership . I would appreciate it if you watched an episode or five , but I ’m not in this business for the ratings . ( And I ’m not in it for the money either . My paycheck can attest to that . ) I ’m here to tell these athletes and these coaches ’ stories . I ’m here to create a deeper connection and understanding between you — the anonymous viewer — and the beautiful and flawed individuals on the program . I hope you all enjoyed this season as much as I enjoyed making it.Cheers , TDAMe ( middle ) and my tiny little sideline rig ( also middle ) annoying a player during pregame warmups .	The Dis/Connect of Sports
Now that I ’ve finished The Sexy Brutale , like to talk about my thoughts on the game , what my expectations were met with , and where schedule design could go on the future.But before that , I want to say that the game was a success and you should consider buying it ! The gaudily styled art is quite fantastic , being holistically cohesive and well populated , and is complimented by the bouncy sound track you ca n’t help but move along to . It uses mechanics you wo n’t often find elsewhere , and deals maturely with dark themes like gambling addiction ( which should come as no surprise in a game set in a casino mansion ) . The rest of this article will deal with some spoilers , so if you want time to finish this 9 hour game , this is your exit!Back ? Still here ? Either way , let ’s dive in.As stated earlier , The Sexy Brutale has few main mechanics that serve to interact with characters on their schedules . These are , basically : to observe NPCs , and to manipulate objects that NPCs interact with on the course of their schedule . This manipulation mostly involves set elements or the use of objects in your inventory.Point and Click Done RightFirst , I want to talk about what this game did well . Mechanically , the game is simple but offers some variety in how you can approach problems . This is a game primarily about observing non-player characters , and you have 4 ways to do so : by peeking through keyholes , listening at doors , hiding in the room , and observing from another floor ( except in the bell tower ) . They have their pluses and minuses : peeking has a vision cone that may conceal the location and identity of some speakers , listening reveals all speakers ’ locations but not their identity , hiding in the room can only be done before other characters enter , and observing from requires you to be far away and at times have no good way of reaching the people in a conversation and following them.Certain points in the game are gated expertly . The tutorial segment for example , is one of the most elegant I have played in years . The game introduces piece by piece the most essential elements of the game : following characters , observing how they are killed , and intervening to stop it by manipulating items and the environment . Although you watch the same scene of a character getting murdered 3 times , each time feels markedly different : the first is a new experience , the second is a surprise as they game restarted the day for you , and the player can prevent the NPC ’s death on the third sequence.Room For ImprovementHowever , I think some facets of the game could be improved to provide a better experience . For example , the player ’s method of observation is almost not a choice . Hiding in the room is almost always the ideal option should it be available : if you are tailing an NPC you will catch up with them more quickly and you have unlimited hearing and vision within the room . Peeking through a keyhole is superior to listening since you can almost always see who is talking ( oddly enough the one exception I can think of is in the introduction ) . The game provides some information that is hidden unless the player is using the improved listening power , but since you can do this while peeking even this is not a reason to listen at doorways instead . The one time a player would be inclined to listen is at green doors ( which have no keyhole ) but strangely these doors never conceal conversations with any real information . These mechanics could have been explored by requiring the player to figure out the identity of NPCs they can only listen to or NPCs they can hear but ca n’t see through keyholes , and by making the choice of which door they listen or peek from matter . Additionally , observing NPCs is much easier than it could have otherwise been : there are few puzzles that involve making an unobservable room observable.While in some ways the gating helps the player learn the game , in other ways it felt limiting and artificial . Rather than be tools in your arsenal of skills , many abilities the player gains are simply upgrades and may not even recontextualize their environment . For example , the second ability is the ability to listen better at doors by holding the spacebar . Not only is there not a reason to listen better all the time , but the player can easily have gotten that far in the game without having ever seen a conversation that needed additional scrutiny.One design choice that I ’m not particularly a fan of is the total inability to interact with characters in the same room . You ca n’t speak to characters , ask them questions , or show them items . This feels especially odd as every character is surprised or even delighted as they recognize the player character , Lafcadio , after you save them . It limits the amount of information that can be dispensed to the player and the ways it can be given , and feels quite odd as the characters you attempt to save essentially try to kill you as you walk into the room.Puzzle Design ( puzzle spoilers ahead ) For many games like The Sexy Brutale , this is what makes or breaks the game . TSB has some hits and some misses.One issue with a game about observing characters ’ schedules is evading the use of expository dialogue . Many times in the game , NPCs will simply say things that are almost directly for the player to solve a puzzle , rather than being tied into the world . In the 5th puzzle , the player is privy to information by listening to these two goons , who discuss the unlocking mechanism for a lethal trap : In the context of the conversation , there ’s little reason to believe the other goon would n’t know this . This solution is then fed to the player , making its execution a formality , and a slow one at that as this conversation occurs inconveniently before the 8 o’clock mark which the player can effectively start the day at.Compare this to the far better 4th puzzle , in which the player must trap a nefarious musician in a room to save his unwary victim . If he begins his recital with his victim , she will die . However , when the player observes him rehearsing beforehand , something happens : The musician hears an obnoxious record player 2 rooms away , and goes to investigate so he can turn the darn thing off . Upon getting there he confiscates the record and returns to his dastardly business . After seeing this the first time , the player can take advantage of their knowledge : another record player lies nearby in a closet that can be locked from the outside , and further exploration reveals the treble-clef on top of the piano that can lock the closet from the outside ! If the player swaps the record before the villain investigates , he will wander into the closet allowing the player to grab the key , lock him in , and save the girl . What makes this better is that the player is n’t just told what to do : they have to figure it out on their own , and this “ ah ha ! ” moment is the best kind of satisfaction in puzzle design . I should note that for some reason , the piano player can only hear the obnoxious record at the same specific time on each day , despite the fact that the closet shares a wall with the piano room , and that he can even walk into the room with the still-playing record in its closet and not observe it.Finally , I think there was room for puzzles that really pushed the player ’s knowledge of the environment and schedules , but I do n’t feel like these puzzles were present . Puzzles are largely contained in small subsections of the mansion and require no interaction with previously explored areas . Only one puzzle toward the end of the game really takes place over very many sections of the house , after which The Sexy Brutale relaxes into a more narrative heavy end game ( with a strong pay-off ) . Many puzzles in the game proudly announce their failure state to the entire mansion : a gunshot herald ’s Sixpence ’s death , the lights short as Redd is electrocuted , and so on . This information , while well delivered , serves no gameplay purpose as one can only recognize these events after experiencing them , and there is no need to plan a route to save multiple ( or all ) guests : the game even showed this happening in the end sequence , to my dismay.All in all , I think The Sexy Brutale introduced some cool new ideas into schedule based games , and that any game seeking to deliver on similar mechanics would to well to see what The Sexy Brutale has to offer . In particular I think such games would to well to explore the mechanical affordances of this game ’s spying mechanics , and to expect more extensive deduction on the part of the player.Information with a diegetic delivery	Designing for a schedule , Part II
DETROIT ( AP ) — Now on their longest winning streak of the season , the Montreal Canadiens have recovered from their terrible start.Brendan Gallagher scored twice , and his Montreal teammates added three goals in the second period on the way to a 6-3 victory over the struggling Detroit Red Wings on Thursday night.The Canadiens have won four straight and are in the third place in the Atlantic Division — a quick turnaround for a team that started the season 1-6-1 . " We have been better for a while now , but now we are fighting harder and winning games , " said Alex Galchenyuk , who scored one of Montreal 's second-period goals . " That 's what we needed — to find ways to win . " Charles Hudon and Andrew Shaw scored 43 seconds apart for the Canadiens in the second . Max Pacioretty also scored to help Claude Julien to his 100th win as Montreal 's coach.Anthony Mantha , Tomas Tatar and Frans Nielsen scored for Detroit . The Red Wings have lost six straight , although three of those defeats came in overtime.Detroit led 2-1 in the second when the puck came to Hudon after a scramble in front . He lifted it past goalie Jimmy Howard for the tying goal . Moments later , Shaw took a pass from Phillip Danault and beat Howard with a wrist shot . " You ca n't give away easy goals in this league and expect to win . We better figure it out , " Red Wings coach Jeff Blashill said . " The other thing I 'd say is not enough guys with the real crazy commitment to winning . " Galchenyuk made it 4-2 late in the second . " Individually , everyone 's got to look at themselves in the mirror and be better , win more battles , " Detroit 's Justin Abdelkader said . " We had the lead going into the second period and self-destruct a bit , turn some pucks over . Against a team like Montreal , they live off turnovers , especially in the neutral zone . So you 've got to take care of the puck . " Gallagher has 12 goals this season . Both his goals Thursday came on deflections in front . The second made it 5-2 in the third , and Pacioretty added a power-play goal later in the period.Nielsen 's goal came on the power play as well and made it 6-3 . Gallagher gave the Canadiens a 1-0 lead with a power-play goal in the first , but Mantha answered 64 seconds later with his 12th of the season . Tatar put Detroit up 2-1 with a power-play goal , beating Carey Price with a wrist shot from the left circle . " Shaky start , when you look at — third game in four nights , and got in in the early morning , " said Julien , whose team won at home against Ottawa on Wednesday . " We had some heavy legs . I think that we had to kind of get going , and I thought from the second period on we were a much better team . " Price won both games of the back-to-back set for Montreal , and he 's 4-0 since returning from a lower-body injury . His save percentage in that span is .962 . " I thought the confidence started coming around before Carey came back , " Julien said . " But when Carey comes in , that 's another added element . The confidence level certainly takes another jolt in the right direction . " NOTES : Gallagher has 99 goals in his career . ... Detroit outshot the Canadiens 31-25 . ... Montreal was without D Shea Weber ( lower body ) and forward Jonathan Drouin.UP NEXTThe Canadiens and Red Wings play the back end of their home-and-home series in Montreal on Saturday night .	Gallagher scores twice , Canadiens beat Red Wings 6-3
This year Bitcoin and other crypto-currencies have gone through the roof . Bitcoin has gone up around 900 % . Is this a Bitcoin Bubble : The term “ bubble , ” in the financial context , generally refers to a situation where the price for an asset exceeds its fundamental value by a large margin . During a bubble , prices for a financial asset or asset class are highly inflated , bearing little relation to the intrinsic value of the asset . The terms “ asset price bubble , ” “ financial bubble ” or “ speculative bubble ” are interchangeable and are often shortened simply to “ bubble . ” https://www.investopedia.com/articles/stocks/10/5-steps-of-a-bubble.aspAnother important term is ‘ Bull Market ’ : A bull market is a financial market … in which prices are rising or are expected to rise . The term “ bull market ” is most often used to refer to the stock market but can be applied to anything that is traded , such as bonds , currencies and commodities . https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/bullmarket.aspIt is important to understand that there is only one rule in investing whether you are investing in stocks , bonds , real estate , etc . : BUY LOW AND SELL HIGH ! The opposite of this is BUY HIGH AND SELL LOW which means you are losing money.That is it . So easy to say , and so hard to do . When do you know when an investment is going to go up or going to go down?One rule of thumb in any investment is that the more you see uninformed buyers coming into the market without a jot of skepticism the more likely that you are seeing the end of a Bull Market , and perhaps the collapse of a Bubble if that is what is going on . In other words when everyone is buying with unbridled enthusiasm , it might be a very good time to cash out at least some of your profits.When you point this out to Bitcoin people , they mostly just try to make you feel stupid by telling you how much money they have made . The problem here is that Bitcoin is not unique in showing outrageous growth . Many investment assets have shown the same type of growth , sometimes with justification and sometimes because of complete hysteria . Example : if you had invested in Microsoft in the early 1980s because you thought it was selling small batch ice cream you would be a very rich person right now even though you knew nothing about the company . If you had invested in Apple because you thought it was selling fruits you would also be rich . If you had bought Amazon stock because you thought it had something to do with Wonder Woman you would also be incredibly rich . And I am sure there are many people who did something like that ; they bought the stock because they liked the name ! However , that method of investing is probably not the basis to continue a successful investing program . Do not confuse Luck with Intelligence ! Most people lose money by investing like that.I think a lot of people who have made money in Bitcoin have been lucky . Nothing wrong with this . I would rather be lucky than smart any day . But you can not always depend upon luck!I am going to say something that is gong to make a lot of Bitcoin Fans upset.I think investing in Bitcoin right now is very risky . There are too many uninformed investors getting into the market . I have no idea what the upside of the market can be . No one does . There is no inherent value in Bitcoin , so that means the only bottom is zero . It is not even clear what it is : is Bitcoin a method of exchange or a store of wealth?The only reason to invest right now is based upon an irrational fear : FEAR OF LOSING OUT ON THE NEXT BIG THING!Not a smart way to invest if you ask me . You may have already missed out which means if you invest now you are buying high … it might keep going higher but it also might go lower . You probably also missed out on Microsoft , Apple , and Amazon . Does that mean you are stupid?I do not know if Bitcoin is a bubble or the beginning of a new paradigm for investing . If you invest in Bitcoin and other crypto-currencies you should understand that any investment can go down . In this case it could collapse which would mean total loss of your money . There is no inherent value in Bitcoin other than what investors are willing to pay.My advice : Do n’t invest more than you can afford to lose . *****************	Are we in a Bitcoin Bubble ?
WASHINGTON ( AFP ) - Donald Trump was in reach of a major political victory Thursday in the US Senate , where the president 's controversial tax reform bill was expected to come to a vote no later than Friday . The Republican majority appeared likely to adopt the bill -- in what would be one of the first-year president 's most significant legislative victories -- though a few defections were possible and the vote was expected to be close . The legislative psychodrama was shaping up in a way reminiscent of the Republican effort during the summer to repeal the Obamacare program : in the middle of the night , three senators , including John McCain , torpedoed the repeal that Trump had repeatedly promised during his election campaign . This time , however , the Republican majority appears more solidy united -- McCain himself said Thursday he was on board -- around the underlying philosophy of tax reform : a significant reduction of corporate tax rates and smaller cuts for most individuals , along with a simplification meant to allow Americans to file their taxes " on a postcard . " These changes , Republicans insist , will bring relief to a financially strained middle class while sharply boosting the nation 's economic growth . " I believe this legislation , though far from perfect , would enhance American competitiveness , boost the economy , and provide long overdue tax relief for middle-class families , " McCain said in a statement.But some doubt remained Thursday whether all 52 Republican senators in the 100-member chamber will ultimately support the plan.Some conservatives bridle at seeing their party trample the anti-deficit budget orthodoxy they preached during the Obama presidency : the bill before them would balloon the national deficit by $ 1.4 trillion over the coming decade , the Congressional Budget Office estimates . Other senators have raised other , narrower concerns : over the tax rates for certain smaller companies ; deductions for families with children ; or a provision , slipped into the legislation , to end the requirement that all taxpayers carry health insurance or pay a fine -- a central pillar of the Obamacare program.And the corporate tax rate might end up being 21 or 22 percent , rather than the 20 percent Trump has called for ( the current rate is 35 percent ) . " The Republicans have the Senate . The Republicans have the House . The Republicans have the White House . It 's very unusual , " Trump said in a speech Wednesday in the Midwestern state of Missouri . " This is our chance to free our economy and our workers from the terrible tax burden in Washington . " " We 're going to keep winning and winning and winning and winning , " he said . - Biggest tax-law change in years - If the legislation passes the Senate , it will still have to be reconciled with a House version passed November 16 . Though Republicans control both chambers , their tax plans differ on some points . As Republican leaders scrambled Thursday to overcome final objections and ensure the votes needed for passage , their essential argument was a simple one : If they fail to pass the tax bill they can expect major losses in next November 's midterm elections.Senator Lindsey Graham , a South Carolina Republican , summed up the challenge this way : " The bottom line is , 52 people are trying to buy a car ... We may not all agree on the color or the type car , but if we don?t get a car , we 're all going to walk . And most people do n't want to walk . They 'd rather have a car . " In Graham 's folksy terms , senators will spend Thursday voting on a series of amendments over the color and make of their future car . - Democrats see boost for the rich - Democrats , united in opposition to the legislation , are arguing that the car is too expensive and will accommodate only the rich . Analyses suggest that most people at all income levels will get immediate help from the tax cuts , but that the wealthiest five percent of households -- including many Republican donors -- will profit disproportionately.And about half of all taxpayers will see their tax bills go up starting in 2027 , according to the Tax Policy Center . So , will Republicans stand together when the time comes to vote?Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell believes so . " I 'm optimistic , " he told Fox News late Wednesday , that " we 're going to deliver comprehensive tax reform to the American people for the first time in 31 years . " by Ivan Couronne	With key tax vote near , Trump looks for a major victory
Congratulations to Kelsea Ballerini and Morgan Evans ! The 24-year-old songstress is set to wed the Australian country singer this weekend , Us Weekly reports . The news comes a month after Kelsea shared to the news outlet the details of her upcoming nuptials . The " Miss Me More " songstress revealed that the wedding would take place somewhere " where people have to travel , so that is the gift , is people getting there . " She also shared details about how she chose her gown for the big day , stating that a lot of people helped her choose . " I 'm not a wedding person , " she continued . " I did n't think I would be a wedding person , so my mom and my bridesmaids and my stylist surprised me with a fitting and I walked in and put something on and then walked out and I started crying and so we picked the dress ! " Kelsea also dished about her recent bridal shower , which she host at her friend Jennifer Denmark 's house in Nashville . " My friend Jennifer opened up her house . [ Hillary Scott ] did the flowers and the cake . One of my friends did the balloons . One of my friends painted all the signs . Everyone did something different and made it look like a Pinterest party . It was beautiful , " she detailed . She went on sharing that they played various games at the shower , including " making a wedding dress out of toilet paper game , which is hilarious . " They also played a game where they had Morgan " record answers via video and they would ask a question and I would have to guess what he was gon na say and then his video would play . " Kelsea shared that the game was really fun and she got one answer wrong . Kelsea and Morgan got engaged on Christmas day last year . She announced on Instagram the good news by uploading a picture of the couple cuddling , with Kelsea showing off the ring . " Loving him has been the greatest gift of my life . And now I get to do it for life , " she captioned the picture .	Kelsea Ballerini and Morgan Evans Are Getting Married This Weekend
A vision of the Internet of Value [ Part 2 ] The arrival of the Internet &amp; Building the infrastructure of the Internet of Value1 . The arrival of the InternetPeople are connecting with each other much more easily than they did 30 years ago . Computing power is now cheaper and much more powerful . The amount of computing power in a single smartphone nowadays is many times that of a $ 16 million supercomputer from 30 years ago . Computing technology is now more open , with APIs and interfaces which make programming and automation much easier . Industries such as telecommunications , transportation , media , and retail have witnessed major disruptions — and other important social institutions like democracy and nation-states still await transformation . And this , it may be argued , only remains the case because the Internet has not yet penetrated their basic operations deeply enough.In the Internet Age , we have also witnessed new inventions in the field of money technology — and if the Internet is one of the most important inventions in the history of humankind , then these innovations are possibly some of the most important in the history of money . It started eight years ago with the invention of Bitcoin , which was the fruit of a long struggle and collaboration to invent something new for the Internet Age . The invention of the Internet 40 years ago changed the course of human history . The world of today would not have been recognizable 40 years ago ; the world 40 years from now will also change in unrecognizable ways due to the evolution of the Internet and the spread of cryptocurrency.Even now , cryptocurrencies can already do several things better than other types of money . Everyone in the world can open a “ bank account ” and receive money in a public blockchain ledger such as Bitcoin ’s or Ethereum ’s . Millions of US dollars can be sent overseas in an instant , at minimal cost and in a secure and trustless manner — meaning that one does not need a “ trusted ” third party to track account debits and credits . Applications can be built on top of public blockchain ledgers in ways that are automatic and permissionless , and so different from the legacy banking system . Blockchain-based cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum are global , immutable , decentralized public ledgers ; as such , they hold the promise of being the best money technologies invented in human history2 . Comparing different money technologiesThis section presents a comparison of different money technologies : between the US dollar , as a representative of modern , government-backed “ fiat money ” ( which is only given value by government decree ) , and gold and Bitcoin as representatives of the class of blockchain-based money . The plus ( + ) indicates the author ’s judgment on the relative strength of the money technology in the comparison , while the following discussion goes into more detail on the relative strengths and weaknesses of the respective money technologies . The main comparisons to be made are between the US dollar and Bitcoin , since one represents the current system while the other represents what the future may hold.a ) Transparency / Anonymity : In the early years and even now , the main misconception about Bitcoin has been that it is mostly a tool for criminals and money launderers due to its anonymous nature . But the reality is the exact opposite ; the Bitcoin public ledger has the possibility to be the most transparent money system ever . Every transaction since the genesis block can be traced and audited , making the full ledger similar to a digital book in a public library that is open to anyone in the world 24 hours a day . It is its radical transparency that lends it to being the perfect record for public finances , not one suitable for illegal activities . The busts of Silk Road , Mt. Gox , and BTC-E were clear examples that for law enforcement , dealing with Bitcoin blockchain is much easier than was previously thought.At the same time , individual privacy can be maintained adequately by using the public and private key cryptography techniques . If you do n’t have a contact with a centralized exchange that requires personal identification , your identity can remain private within the Bitcoin blockchain ledger , in contrast with the fiat money system in which the average citizen does not have access to public finance details . Corruption , embezzlement , and other abuses of public finances so prevalent around the world can be deterred effectively with the use of a transparent public ledger , such as that employed by Bitcoin and Ethereum.b ) Efficiency : The dollar ’s fiat money system has been supported by years of infrastructure building , at the cost of billions of US dollars . The primary utilities of financial players such as Visa , MasterCard , and Western Union — and a large part of the infrastructure of retail banking — are dedicated to moving this money around . In other words , these networks rearrange recorded values . This rearrangement could be done much more efficiently if participants in this system shared and used a public ledger such as Bitcoin ’s . While some people are conscious about the electricity cost of Bitcoin ’s proof-of-work algorithm , this cost is still relatively small compared with the cost of equivalent maintenance in the modern finance system . Other cutting-edge solutions to reduce the electricity cost further are in development , such as proof-of-stake . [ 3 ] When a new solution is proven secure , the cost of the whole network could be reduced further and made even more efficient versus its fiat money counterparts.Other efficiency issues concern scalability and transaction cost , which deserve much longer and more detailed discussions . But just as computing power scaled up exponentially in the Internet Age , blockchain money should prove to be much more ready to scale than its fiat money counterparts , which were invented for the world of several hundred years ago . The tradeoff is between using more easily accessible computing power instead of the more accustomed counterpart of human labor . [ 4 ] c ) Security / Counterfeiting risk : If a public ledger becomes the ultimate record of value for people , the security issue is of paramount importance . There are two aspects of security in these new money technologies . First , there is the security of the record of value itself , and second , there is the security of the ecosystem around the record of value — and also the security of individuals utilizing the record to measure their own worth.On the first account , a blockchain as an immutable , global , decentralized public ledger is as safe as it can be — given that the still-hypothetical possibility of a “ 51 % attack ” ( an attack on the blockchain by a group that controls a majority of its computing power ) is avoided . In the eight-year history of Bitcoin , there has never been a breach of the core protocol ’s security . The move to proof-of-stake could raise the safety threshold of the primary record even further , to the point at which it can be considered as safe as the Internet itself.The security issues around Bitcoin and Ethereum mainly concern their ecosystems and the infrastructure around their blockchains . Centralized exchanges are hosts to multiple hacking attempts , and history has shown that the vulnerabilities of this layer are very high . The UX and security issues with individual wallets also have not yet been resolved , and present serious barriers for mainstream users in adopting cryptocurrencies . Security and user-friendliness are probably two of the biggest disadvantages of cryptocurrency compared to the fiat money system.d ) Accessibility / Global reach : If you can access the Internet , you can access public ledgers such as Bitcoin ’s and Ethereum ’s , open an account , and receive money instantly . That is the promise of cryptocurrencies for the two billion unbanked people around the globe . The fiat currency system was born with nation-states , and therefore is necessarily restricted to the boundaries of an issuing nation-state . Meanwhile , cryptocurrencies can be truly global , and reach anywhere with Internet access and beyond . The global level of accessibility of cryptocurrencies is unprecedented , and that accessibility is the first step towards global financial inclusion and the radical equalization of financial opportunities . When it reaches its full potential , the Internet of Value will be able to transform fundamental human institutions for the better.e ) Decentralization / Trust dependency : While Bitcoin is often celebrated as a trustless system , what is actually happening is that Bitcoin is using a different trust system : trust in its network mechanics and mathematics . But the ecosystem around cryptocurrencies still requires an old-fashioned trust in private businesses , such as centralized exchanges and centralized wallet providers . The decentralization issue is multifaceted , and discussed in more depth elsewhere . [ 5 ] What cryptocurrencies are capable of doing right now is counterbalancing the ability of nation-states to abuse their fiat money printing capabilities — less of the issue in some countries than in others.f ) Programmability : Every software engineer can download the whole Bitcoin and Ethereum codebases and start tweaking them today , and many are doing just that . Compare that to the fiat money system , where one would have to ask for the API of every single bank , a request that is unlikely to be granted . The accumulated experience and capability that comes with the continual tinkering of an open system of public ledgers will soon far outclass the decades of work that have been put into fiat money ’s tightly guarded systems.Furthermore , cutting-edge technologies such as machine-to-machine payments , VR and AR asset transfers , and autonomous decentralized systems can far more easily originate from a cryptocurrency ’s open public ledger system than from the fiat money system . As the Internet penetrates the fabric of society more and more deeply and the percentage of value created from the Internet grows larger and larger , the Internet of Value will grow stronger , with a backbone based on public blockchains and cryptocurrency.g ) Acceptability : As of today , acceptability is probably the biggest weakness for cryptocurrency . This lack of acceptance is occurring because a new technology of money is one of the most fundamental transformations that can happen to a human institution , and it takes time and patience for it to play out . The currency banking system is not suited to cryptocurrency , as its system is based on a private proprietary database with years of accumulated experiences instead of an open public ledger with radical properties of accessibility , transparency , and programmability . It is hard to change and even more difficult to unlearn what you have learned . So some people will not change ; some will even attempt to block the changes . But the future of the Internet of Value will likely arrive at some point , as the mind share and usage of cryptocurrency grows and the infrastructure of the Internet of Value becomes more ready for mainstream users .3 . Building the infrastructure of the Internet of ValueHow is it going to happen ? Will blockchain replace or exist alongside of the fiat money system as the primary technology of money?There are two lenses to consider the coming changes through . The first is the technical side , the issues that occur when a new technology is placed in an old infrastructure , which will then gradually change to accommodate the new technology . [ 6 ] The second is the social aspect , and this will be quite far-reaching , as money is a technology used by all of society ’s participants . In considering this aspect , we must ask , what future do we want to see 40 years from today ? Will it be a similar world to the one we have now , one deeply divided among localized interests , with arbitrary rules and artificial borders preventing people from realizing their true potential ? Or do we hope for the kind of future a universal money system might bring about , where the rules are based on market forces and mathematics ; power is dispersed and decentralized ; and knowledge , financial independence , and opportunities are accessible to everyone , everywhere?On the consumer front , cryptocurrencies need to be more user-friendly and more secure , and their infrastructures need to be better developed than they are today . The last element is the key to all the rest , and it is showing signs of progress , with infrastructures such as exchanges , payment processors , private chain databases , and wallet providers being built at a rapid rate , maturing and getting better.At some point , cryptocurrencies will be easy and safe to use , to the point that mainstream users will not even notice the difference between them and fiat money currencies . The first car was much worse than a horse as a means of transportation , and the first computer was much worse than a human in computation . This is the nature of technological progress , and it indicates that improvements in blockchain-based money will come as they are needed — and they will be needed thanks to the increasing importance of the Internet of Value.As of now , this new system is not ready , though many are laying its groundwork : engineers are writing software and building its future infrastructure , writers and journalists are learning and writing more about its challenges and opportunities , and lawmakers are trying to understand its implications.Even in these early stages , one thing is clear about the Internet of Value — everyone who wishes to can play a role .4 . ConclusionIn this paper , I argue for a better and more accurate understanding of money and why blockchain and cryptocurrency can be the best money technology in human history , and show my reasoning in the comparison to fiat money technology . While cryptocurrency is currently behind in safety , scalability , and acceptability , the combination of radical transparency , global accessibility , efficiency , and most importantly programmability indicates that the future of the Internet of Value will likely be based upon public blockchain and cryptocurrency.I am currently at tomocoin.io working to build the future of the Internet of ValueReferences ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ About the author : Mr. Long Vuong — CEO and Founder of Tomoapp , one of the very first co-founders of NEM blockchain under the name Utopian Future . He ’s PhD in economics and crypto-economics researcher since 2013 . Now , he is on the race to fight back the massive data harvesting by creating the contributor ’s network named Tomo Network , where your knowledge and experience sharing is value by real assets and highly recognized by a great community.This idea appears not new and quite controversial that you might know somewhere else . However , the target audience of Tomo network is focused in Asia Pacific , where leads the trend , that nearly half of the world ’s social network users visit sites via their phones , according to 2016 Nielsen Report . Thus , this attribute matches the essence of Tomo App — the knowledge-sharing application via short videos on mobile phone.Mr . Long VuongAsia Pacific leading the trend of using phones to get access to social networking websites .	A vision of the Internet of Value
Chances are you use your IKEA blue bag for just about everything , from toting laundry and groceries to gardening to even using it as a raincoat for pets . But we bet you did n’t think of this clever way to use the iconic blue bag — as a holiday stocking . RELATED : Bootleg Baubles is selling “ The Swedish Stocking , ” which is made from the blue bags , for £ 20 ( about $ 20 ) . The stockings have the IKEA logo on the cuff , and the fabric straps are used to hang them from a mantel . They ’re handmade in the U.K. and the description reads , “ The iconic IKEA bag reimagined as a stocking . Nobody knew they wanted this and suddenly here it is . ” Unfortunately , the company made a limited edition batch of 50 and they ’re all sold out now , but hopefully they ’ll restock after seeing how popular they are with IKEA enthusiasts all around the globe . Or , you might be able to DIY your own with the FRAKTA bags in your house , using the original stocking as inspiration . RELATED : IKEA Just Launched a Stylish Pet Collection We ’ve seen a lot of news about the beloved FRAKTA bag this year — it celebrated its 30th anniversary , it got a redesign , and Balenciaga created a divisive “ knockoff ” tote that cost a whopping $ 2,145 — so we can only imagine what will come next for the bag . Maybe a Christmas tree inspired by the bag ? Or more clothing and accessories ? The possibilities are endless .	IKEA Bag Holiday Stockings Exist for Superfans
By Marius Zaharia HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - Asia 's major manufacturing economies saw their fastest expansion in factory activity in years last month , driven by robust demand for electronics and firming the case for central banks in the region to shift to tighter monetary policy next year . A raft of mostly strong factory activity surveys released on Friday comes a day after the Bank of Korea became the first major central bank in Asia in three years to raise interest rates . The tightening marks a potential turning point for the region with Malaysia and the Philippines among central banks that could lift rates next year . The firm expansion in factory activity , seen in South Korea , Japan and Taiwan , has not been uniform , however , with Beijing 's war on pollution tempering growth in Chinese manufacturing in October . Analysts expect any tightening by Asian central banks to be gradual and follow the lead in the United States , which is expected to hike again in December and three more times in 2018 . U.S. and euro zone manufacturing surveys later on Friday are expected to show even higher growth rates than in Asia . " We 're seeing the strong momentum in the third quarter carrying over in the fourth , " said Khoon Goh , head of Asia research at ANZ . " The improving global backdrop ... suggests that central banks in this region will start policy normalization . It 's important to note this is not the start of an outright tightening cycle , this is the removal of very accommodative policies . " Elsewhere in Asia , India saw gross domestic product growth rebound in the three months to September , in a sign businesses are recovering from disruptions caused by the launch of a national sales tax and a shock ban on high-value banknotes . China , however , remains one of the biggest risks to global growth , analysts say . The world 's second-biggest economy has defied market expectations with economic growth of 6.9 percent in the first nine months of the year , supported by a construction boom and robust exports . But Beijing 's efforts to reduce air pollution have led to a cooling in factory activity in recent months . The Caixin/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Manager 's Index ( PMI ) dipped to 50.8 , compared with 51.0 in October and a 50.9 forecast . While staying above the 50-point mark that divides growth from contraction on a monthly basis , the index edged down to its lowest level in five months . An official manufacturing survey on Thursday showed activity unexpectedly picking up , however , the Caixin/Markit print tends to focus more on small and mid-sized companies and is seen as a better gauge of private sector activity . Moves to reduce corporate and financial risks in China have also hit sentiment . Sweeping new rules for the asset management industry , a crackdown on micro loans and losses imposed on the creditors of the state-owned Chongqing Iron &amp; Steel ( SS : 601005 ) have jolted markets , pushing government bond yields to three year highs and causing a sharp drop in stock prices . China 's ability to implement these reforms without causing too much damage to growth , which the government is expected to target around 6.5 percent next year , is key for Asia 's economic outlook . " We expect growth momentum to weaken further in the coming months as the drags from slower credit growth , reduced fiscal support and the environmental crackdown all intensify , " said Julian Evans-Pritchard , China economist at Capital Economics . TECH BOOM A global sell-off in tech stocks this week has raised questions about whether the current surge in demand for electronics products and components has peaked or whether investors are simply rotating to other sectors , such as banking . For now , the economic data suggests Asia 's electronics producers remain in good shape . South Korea 's factory activity expanded at the strongest pace in 55 months in November , with the Nikkei/Markit PMI rising to 51.2 from 50.2 in October . Japanese manufacturing grew at the fastest pace in more than 3-1/2 years . Taiwan 's PMI came at 56.3 in November , its best reading in 6-1/2 years . " Even as the smartphone-related boost starts to fade , the outlook for 2018 remains bright amidst the global recovery , " HSBC Greater China economist Julia Wang said . Japanese companies raised spending on factories and equipment in July-September by 4.2 percent from the same period last year , suggesting its September quarter GDP growth figures could be revised higher . Japan 's jobless rate held steady at 2.8 percent in October and the availability of jobs reached the highest in almost 44 years , although inflationary pressures in the world 's third largest economy remain stubbornly weak . Likewise , in South Korea , export growth slowed but still recorded 13 straight months of expansion in November , while inflation eased to the slowest in 11 months , reinforcing views that the new monetary tightening cycle will be gradual .	Asian manufacturing expands further , but China remains a risk
TOKYO ( AFP ) - At least one worker was killed and 11 others injured in an explosion and fire that broke out Friday at a chemical factory just a few kilometres from Mount Fuji in central Japan.Residents living within 100 metres ( 330 feet ) of the factory were ordered to evacuate as 17 fire engines and nearly 60 firefighters battled the blaze.Plumes of thick black smoke billowed into the sky from the factory belonging to Arakawa Chemical Industries , which manufactures chemicals for the paper industry . " A 64-year-old worker , who had earlier been missing , was found dead , " Takahiro Suzuki , a fire service official from Fuji City , told AFP.Eleven other workers were hurt , three seriously , he said , updating an earlier announcement that 14 people had been injured.The casualties were all male and aged in their 20s to 60s . Fuji city is located in the foothills of the world-famous Mount Fuji , around 100 kilometres west of the capital Tokyo.Officials said it was not immediately clear exactly what was burning but the factory operator denied risks of potential contamination or pollution . " There is no concern " that chemicals in the plant could pollute the environment in the neighbourhood , said a company official who declined to give his name.The factory produces resin for printer inks and chemicals used for making paper , added the official .	Explosion at Japan chemical factory kills one , hurts 11
Home Loans is an experienced team that has been working in the field of real estate for over a decade ( http://glr38.ru ) , in the area of real estate loans for more than 4 years ( license for microfinance activity from the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation from 2013 ) and in IT development more than 5 years ( http://strekalev.ru/ ) united for the common mission with the goal to make a revolution in the concept of mortgage lending.We started our activity as a company fully focused on real estate and real estate loans which are aimed at providing optimal solutions for our clients.Creation of an international loan platform by using open-source resources on the basis of block chain technology.Loan based on smart contracts is a transparent and reliable credit history . We intend to provide investors with access to our clients by offering them the highest quality services.Providing private investors with access to large amounts of data.Our borrower evaluation program will include a system of electronic identification of a person based on a blockchain and large amounts of data collected from borrowers ’ smartphones via the mobile application HOME LOANS.One of the main goals of HOME LOANS is to interact with different jurisdictions after states completely switch to registering property using blockchain technology.Thus , they will have distributed registers to create the possibility of making sales transactions with a further placement of information about transactions in these registries and without the need to first resort to the services of specialized third-party companies.There are already several pilot projects in the field of creation real estate registries based on blockchain technology . For example , similar ones are being implemented in Sweden , Georgia , Ghana , Ukraine , in some parts of Japan and the USA ( Chicago , Delaware ) while other numerous jurisdictions are testing registries of legal acts with the use of blockchain . An experiment to introduce a fashionable technology of blockchain in shared construction and mortgages will start in autumn in Russia on the ancient Novgorod land . In July 2017 , the EPZ portal reported that Rosreestr ( The Federal Service for State Registration , Cadastre , and Cartography ) in cooperation with Vnesheconombank and AHML was working on a blockchain technology that will be able to allow almost instantaneous registration of the DDU including automated interaction with the Fund for the Protection of the Rights of Co-investors . Investors will get : • Possibility to invest in loans secured by real estate • The right to participate in fast transactions . The property is cheaper than the market value • A token provided with real assets — real estate which is less subject to volatility • The right to purchase and use the assets of HOME LOANS ( real estate that has not been redeemed ) • The right to collective lending for large / expensive real estate.The ability of borrowers to earn HLCoin for loan repayment . Yes , it ’s real ! Via the mobile application HOME LOANSThe mobile application HOME LOANS unites counterparties in one product and will motivate users to buy goods and services from partner companies through Cashback and a system of incentives from partner companies in the form of HLCoin currency by which the borrower will repay the loan.We will analyze these data with the help of a developed scoring system based on neural networks and artificial intelligence technology . This procedure will be sufficient to ensure that the application for the loan was approved in just 20 seconds.Way to the international marketBy considering the possibility of scaling our product we analyzed the mortgage market and the deposit market as a source of income and savings by countries of the world . And adopted a strategy on interest rates and terms of lending which will be optimal for borrowers and profitable for investors around the world.Our platform will be a ready-to-run franchising financial platform for facilitation the entry into new markets and the development of new divisions.HOW WILL HOUSE LOANS WORK?OUR PRODUCTSThe international lending platform for real estate HOME LOANS provides for such types of loans as : Loans for housing under construction.Loans for secondary housing.Loans for commercial real estate.Loans for land purchase.Loans for own property . Age of the borrower is above18 and up to 65 years ( at the end of the loan ) . Early repayment from the first month without commissions . Annuity payments . HOME LOANS for the crypto community : Creation of a crypto-ecosystem Our goal is to help private investors and business working on the basis of blockchain technology to significantly expand its client base by accessing our real estate lending platform and mobile marketing for business . According to our long-term strategy , HOME LOANS should become part of the cryptosystem . In the future , we are considering integration with the following high-tech products : Everex , Civic , COSMОSHOME LOANS for business : attracting new and returning old customersThe business model is extremely simple . Service ( mobile application HOME LOANS ) leads the client to the partner ( counterparty ) . If the client makes a purchase or uses the service then the seller returns a part of the amount in HLCoin ( provided free of charge to the platform ) to the customer ( borrower ) as Cashback , and in traditional money to the account of HOME LOANS . This motivates borrowers to come to our partners and make purchases — mobile lid generator . Now business does not need to spend huge money on advertising to attract customers — they will come themselves.HOME LOANS for people : It gives people the opportunity to buy property without resorting to traditional methods like banks . The platform has its own scoring system which analyzes borrower ’s credit history and analyzes HLCoin production in the mobile application HOME LOANS . It gives better chances for the borrower whose credit history was damaged due to circumstances beyond his control.GROWING DEMAND IN THE MARKETProvides its own loan repayment system without resorting to traditional money.We forecast strong demand for our international home loan platform HOME LOANS . We will create our platform using open-source-resources where applications with impersonal data will be freely available . Access to personal data only with the consent of the client for the transfer the personal data to the third parties.HOME LOANS for local partners : global business scalingWe developed business development algorithms in new countries which are based on our work experience and extensive studies of markets and legal segments . We are going to launch an international franchise after launching the platform.We will share with our franchisees all necessary market research , knowledge of risk management , know-how in the field of loan assessment.What HOME LOANS will provide for franchisees : ● A reward for each new customer ; ● A reward for each new counterparty ; ● Deep research of the legal system and market in a particular country ; ● A proven business model , financial projections , and cost estimates ; ● Expertise and scenarios for customer service and debt collection ; ● Various consulting services during business development.WHY DO WE LAUNCH A CAMPAIGN TO SELL TOKENS?A successfully implemented campaign of selling tokens will allow us to quickly create a product and services , and also make it possible to develop on the international market . ● For the further development of this platform we know exactly what is needed to achieve the objectives . This is a development on the global market which begins with Russia , Europe , Asia , and Australia . We conducted all necessary studies and concluded preliminary agreements with future local partners ; ● To attract more investors to the primary sale of tokens and a quick start to the issuance of loans secured by real estate immediately after the launch of the platform ; ● To attract more borrowers on the primary sale of tokens which will give them a better chance to get their first loan for the purchase of their own property right after the launch of the platform . Since the credit rating system will already be able to calculate the monthly payments based on the amount of HLCoin in the wallet ; ● To attract more investors on the initial sale of tokens for a quick start of the issuance of loans secured by real estate immediately after the launch of the platform.COMPOSITION OF PRIMARY TOKENS OFFERThe first stage of the project is the Pre-ICO HLCoin Token which will start on November 29 and end on December 29 , during this period the price is going to be the following : 1 HLCoin = 0.5 $ +50 % bonus The collected money on the Pre-ICO will go to the ICO advertising campaign and creation of a prototype platform and mobile application HOME LOANS.The second stage of the crowdsale project . During crowdsale investors can purchase HLCoin Token at a fixed rate using the US dollar ( USD ) , Bitcoin , Ethereum . 1 HLCoin = 1 $ + bonusesDuring crowdsale HLCoin will compile a limited number of 150,000,000 tokens and be sold at a fixed price . The total time interval of crowdsale is 30 days . The primary offer of HOME LOANS tokens and the corresponding process of creating tokens will be based on the use of “ smart contracts ” launched on the basis of Ethereum . Name of the tokens : HLC The total volume of issued tokens : 150,000,000 HLC . Total amount during the initial sale : 120,000,000 HLC . Guarantee fund : 30 000 000 HLC Tokens that will be not sold during the initial offer will be destroyed . Objectives : Minimum of 500 000 and maximum of 50 million US dollars . Original price : the price of the token is fixed at the level of 1 $ r — 1 HLC token . Token distribution : Founders — 8 % Advisers — 4 % Bounty — 3 % Investors — 85 % Bonuses to the first investors during the initial offering of the tokens ( additional tokens added to the purchase ) : PRE-ICO — bonus + 50 % 1 – 3 days — bonus + 25 % 3 – 9 days — bonus + 20 % 9 – 18 days — bonus + 10 % 18 – 31 days — bonus + 5 % HomeLoansHomeLoans . 1 talking about this . Science , Technology &amp; Engineeringwww.facebook.com	PRE-ICO . Open sales HLCoin with a 50 % bonus . Mortgage for each person
There is a big battle commencing in the US over net neutrality — the notion that all data online should be treated the same , regardless of content.The regulatory status quo has , to date , preferenced Silicon Valley . But Trump ’s government is now set to repeal the net neutrality laws enacted by the Obama administration . Mud is already being slung : this week , the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission , Ajit Pai , accused Twitter of being politically biased . Meanwhile , the Valley-dominated Internet Association trade group has said ending net neutrality is an effort to defy the will of millions of Americans.A straightforward argument against net neutrality is that having one agent ( the regulator ) codifying a principle is at best unnecessary and at worst anything but neutral . Markets deal with wrongdoers because customers , even on the internet , can choose to go elsewhere . And regulation limits competing business models by favouring existing players , which is never good for customers because it caps innovation.As governments and companies get bigger , so too will the battles between them . Antitrust , tax and net neutrality are just the beginning .	STATE VS SILICON VALLEY
Now a Microsoft BizSpark Partner . BlknBlu &amp; FeeDNeeD . @Automutt “ BlknBlu ” @ FeeDNeeD , Crowd Fun ’D Crowd Support and Creative ’s ShareCare . UnderCloud Construction . ;) BlknBlu thanks Microsoft for this help and looks forward to helping many others.Microsoft BizSpark Partner “ BlknBlu ” BlknBlu @ FeeDNeeD Crowd Fun ’D Crowd Support and Creative ’s ShareCareBlknBlu — Crowd Fun ’D Crowd Support and Creative ’s ShareCare.Art and Literature ShareCare , ‘ A Beneficial Community ’ FeeDNeeD , CrowDFunD ’ Support and Emergency Relief , Charitable Outreach . Placement with Purpose . ‘ RetaiLReTurN ’ ‘ GetnGive ’ Sales . Gadgets . Art / Lit Lovers , lovers of the story behind the Art . ‘ InPortal ’ Access both online and off , ‘ InCloud ’ , ‘ InPrint ’ , ‘ InProgram ’ Software and Services , Products . Patrons , Mentors , Readers , Viewers , Watchers and the ‘ InCrowd ’ all in platform publication.Exchange . ‘ RetaiLReTurN ’ ‘ GetnGive ’ Sales . Gadgets . , Placement with Purpose … Good Cause FundingThe ImpactThe building of a place to learn from , share and benefit the most vulnerable people has always happened in history in our towns , cities and nations . Culminating in some of our histories highest advances . Our histories , the sick , elderly , youngest and most disadvantaged can be the light bearers of many lives . And often always have been.Join the InCrowdMany of the sick and disabled or elderly are marginalised and often lacking connections and support structures that would be of benefit to them in recovery or throughout their journey . Our business looks at reaching out to the most vulnerable and the disabled and elderly as well the many other people that would benefit from the community aspects and financial help that this business could provide.BlknBlu @ FeeDNeeDHome Dream Of The Week BlknBlu Crowd Fun 'D Crowd Support and Creative 's ShareCare . Art and Literature Share , 'A…blknblu.com.auBlknBlu.com . au	BlknBlu — Crowd Fun ’D Crowd Support and Creative ’s
ADELAIDE , Australia ( AP ) — The world 's biggest lithium-ion battery has plugged into an Australian state grid , an official said Friday , easily delivering on Tesla Inc. chief executive Elon Musk 's 100-day guarantee.Musk promised to build the 100-megawatt battery within 100 days of the contracts being signed at the end of September or hand it over to the South Australia state government for free.South Australia Premier Jay Weatherill announced Friday the battery began dispatching power into the state grid on Thursday afternoon , providing 70 megawatts as temperatures rose above 30 degrees Celsius ( 86 degrees Fahrenheit ) . " South Australia is now leading the world in dispatchable renewable energy , delivered to homes and businesses 24/7 , " Weatherill said.The official launch came a little over 60 days after the deal was signed . But crucially , it came on the first day of the Australian summer — the season when power usage soars due to air conditioning use.Tesla says the battery has the capacity to power 30,000 homes for up to an hour in the event of a severe blackout , but is more likely to be called into action to boost supply during peak demand periods.The battery power packs are installed near the Outback town of Jamestown , about 200 kilometers ( 120 miles ) north of the state capital Adelaide . They store energy generated by the neighboring Hornsdale Wind Farm , owned by French renewable energy company Neoen , to bring added reliability and stability to the state grid.Tesla partnered with Neoen to build the battery , which is more than three times larger than the previous record-holder at Mira Loma , California.South Australia , which relies heavily on solar and wind-generated energy , has been scrambling to find a way to bolster its fragile power grid since the entire state suffered a blackout during a storm last year . Further blackouts plagued the state over the next few months.The battery farm is part of a 550 million Australian dollar ( $ 420 million ) plan announced in March by Weatherill to make the state independent of the nation 's power grid . The cost of the battery has not been made public.The Australian grid operator has warned of potential shortages of gas-fired electricity across southeast Australia by late next year . The shortage is looming as Australia is expected to soon overtake Qatar as the world 's biggest exporter of liquid natural gas . Australia is also a major exporter of coal , which fires much of its electricity generation and makes the country one of the world 's worst greenhouse gas polluters on a per capita basis .	Tesla builds world ' biggest battery in Australian Outback
Wellington 's Movie Museum is not the only big project that has been hailed as game-changer for the economy , but has ended up being delayed . A vision for the future of the capital also includes a runway extension , new entertainment venues , housing developments and a solution to the capital 's traffic woes . Wellingtonians and business are getting impatient with the red tape , hold ups and shifting timelines . Chamber of Commerce chief executive John Milford said the business community wanted to see cranes in the capital 's skyline . READ MORE : * $ 2.3 b Wellington tunnel proposal on the table as city weighs congestion solutions * Wellington Airport lines up Chinese construction giant for runway extension It was frustrating that many of the big projects were still not complete , but there were extenuating circumstances surrounding many of them , he said . It would be hard to get them all done at the same time as many involved multiple partners , while others were battling through court action . They were all game changing projects but the most important , from a business perspective , was the Let 's Get Wellington Moving initiative to solve the inner-city 's congestion . " That needs to move forward . We will have about 400 submissions on the process , saying get on with it . " Wellington Regional Economic Development Agency ( Wreda ) interim chief executive Derek Fry said the projects were critical to the city 's prosperity and its sense of a future . People liked to see progress and the longer the projects took , the less confident Wellingtonians would be in the city 's future , he said . " One of Wreda 's ' Big 6 ' focus areas this year is to accelerate the big projects . Investment in infrastructure projects , which create opportunities or remove obstacles to economic growth will be one of the most significant drivers of prosperity for the region . " Wreda was working with partners across Wellington to assist with many of the projects to help them progress . He wanted to see the projects begin benefiting the people of Wellington as soon as possible . In 2014 , Wellington City Council announced its " Big 8 ' ideas to boost the economy , which included the convention centre , runway extension and museums . It stated Wellington was falling behind larger or more competitive cities , and could build a more prosperous economy if it played to its strengths and invested in the right areas . Council chief executive Kevin Lavery said the council was " really happy " with the overall progress of the big projects . " We 're facing the expected challenges posed by Resource Management Act issues and by events such as last year 's earthquake , but we have funding in place and we 're eager to press on . " WELLINGTON WAITS Movie Museum and Convention Centre After two years the project is still waiting on resource consent , which has been delayed until Sir Peter Jackson submits his designs . The project , which was tipped for completion in 2018 , was expected to contribute $ 36m a year to the Wellington economy and attract about 350,000 visitors annually . Wellington looks set to miss out on the growing convention industry without its dedicated venue . Let 's Get Wellington Moving Proposals for solving Wellington 's traffic congestion issues are now with the public , who have until December 15 to give feedback . The four scenarios feature a wide-range of ideas aimed at fixing congestion between Wellington Airport and the Ngauranga Gorge range in price from $ 150 million to more than $ 2.3 b. The proposals look to duplicate the Mt Victoria and Terrace tunnels , reduce the number of vehicle lanes along the waterfront quays , remove private vehicles from parts of the Golden Mile and take away peak-hour parking on Vivian St. However , it is unclear when any of them will start or how long until the city traffic eases - the most expensive will take more than 10 years . The working group says this will depend on the preferred option , and they will look at potential timelines during the next stage . Wellington Airport runway extension More than two years after it was announced , the battle to extend the southern section of the runway , in a bid to attract long-haul flights from Asia and the Americas , continues . The $ 330 million project is currently being held up by an appeal from the New Zealand Air Line Pilots Association over runway safety areas . A resource consent application was placed on hold after the Court of Appeal ordered the Civil Aviation Authority to review its assessment of Wellington Airport 's safety area . Indoor arena Wellington is missing out on some major overseas acts because the capital lacks a proper indoor concert venue . Westpac Stadium is too large and unsuitable in bad weather , while TSB Arena is too small . A $ 65m,12,000-seater indoor area was mooted in 2015 but it was only in May this year that the region 's mayors agreed to the idea . The Wellington Regional Economic Development Agency ( Wreda ) is still assessing the feasibility and a location has yet to be decided . Costs have also bloated , now expected to hit between $ 130m and 180m . Town Hall The 113-year-old building was declared earthquake-prone in 2009 and shut for a $ 43m strengthening project in 2013 , but was halted when costs increased to about $ 64m and it remained closed . In March , a deal was done that would continue the work to reopen it after lengthy negotiations with new tenants Victoria University and the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra ( NZSO ) . The design timeline has now been pushed back three months but the city council is adamant Wellington 's Town Hall will still reopen in June 2021 after $ 90m of strengthening . Shelly Bay In September , Wellington City Council voted to sell and lease its land to Shelly Bay Ltd ( SBL ) – a joint venture between the Wellington Company and the Port Nicholson Block Settlement Trust for a $ 500 million project . SBL has non-notified resource consent to redevelop the area , on the Miramar Peninsula , with hotels , apartments , townhouses , a rest home , a ferry terminal , a marina and a cable car link to Mt Crawford . But the project is on hiatus and the mega-development looks likely to be delayed as the council gets set to face off against a Miramar business group in a judicial review hearing in the High Court in early March .	Wellington waits : the ' game-changing ' projects that are going nowhere fast
WHAT IS COVESTING?Covesting is a cryptocurrency startup which has created a platform for blockchain-backed cryptocurrency trading platform for every investor . By copying the trades of the renowned traders , the investors can grow their assets and make profits on the network . This is done automatically by using Smart Contracts . Copy trading model is brought to the blockchain and cryptocurrency world by Covesting and it provides a platform where the small and new investors can compare their performance with different leading cryptocurrency traders and the investor can follow up to 20 traders . Different portion of the money can be allocated to these traders and on behalf of the user , Covesting will automatically copy the trade.BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGYCOVESTING is the ERC20 Standard Token on Ethereum blockchain , fully compatible with all Ethereum wallets that have ERC20 Token and smart-contract support using the ERC20 Standard . Can be used as coins , certificates , IOUs , in game credits , currency for services , etc . have no value by themselves but are working hard to change this aspect by developing various services for COV creating a token request and hopefully increasing that value.HOW IT WORKSUsers can easily browse through dozens of trading strategies , provided by professional digital asset managers about an overview of each strategy , accessing real-time and historical trading performance , subscribing to 20 different trading models and real-time reporting enables investors to get an overview complete.Advantages for investors : Firstly , you trade as a professional ; Convesting can simultaneously copy up to 20 different trading strategies , diversifying its portfolio ; fully controls its portfolio , can always switch to another trader ; the account is completely safe , as the money is not transferred to the trader , all transactions take place on the investor ’s account.Benefits for the trader : a comfortable office with a lot of tools for trading ; increasing its positive statistics attracts even more investors , and hence their remuneration from their transactions . For use within the Convesting platform , a COV token will be issued . Participants buy COV tokens to follow trading strategies provided by traders on the platform.On the other side , successful professional traders that offer their trades on Covesting platform will be rewarded . The more investors are copying their trades the more extra profit they will get , so it is a win-win situation for both sides.RoadMapICO - Schedule : Oct. 20 , 2017 to Nov. 19 , 2013 - Price : 130 COV = 1 ETH Pre-sale : 300 COV = 1 ETH - Platform : ERC20 - HardCap : ETH / 5000 ETH ) - Currently pre-sale is in progress . ( https://covesting.io/funnel/ ) - Token allocation ratio : 75 % ICO sales / 13 % team / 7 % Pre-Sale sales / 5 % Bounty - Bonus rate0 to 5000 ETH : 1 ETH = 200 COV 2 . 5000 to 10000 ETH : 1ETH = 180 COM 2 . 10000 to 20000 ETH : 1ETH = 170 COM 2 . 20000 to 40000 ETH : 1ETH = 160 COM 2 . 40000 to 60000 ETH : 1ETH = 150 COM 2 . 60000 to 100000 ETH : 1ETH = 130 COMFor full detail visit the links belowOfficial webpage : https://covesting.io/My Bitcointalk Profile link : https : / / bitcointalk.org/index.php?action=profile;u=127342 0	Covesting : THE NEXT BIG THING IN CRYPTOCURRENCY
BridgeCoin ( BCO ) mining ended on Tuesday the 28th of November . To celebrate this successful milestone we were able to accelerate our development process to have staking BridgeCoin ( BCO ) on CryptoBridge released today!Everyone that stakes their BridgeCoin ( BCO ) will receive 50 % of the trading profits on CryptoBridge ( decentralized exchange ) . OverviewOnce you stake your BridgeCoin ( BCO ) you will not be able to withdraw or trade them since they are now locked until the end of the staking duration ( See below ) but will instead earn 50 % of the trading profits on CryptoBridge.During the staking period you will automatically receive bi-weekly payouts to your account on CryptoBridge.Staking Factor &amp; DurationThe following staking periods are available to choose from to stake BridgeCoin ( BCO ) on CryptoBridge : 1 Month ( 0 % Bonus ) 3 Months ( 20 % Bonus ) 6 Months ( 50 % Bonus ) 12 Months ( 100 % Bonus ) The longer you stake your BCO the higher your staking factor ( bonus ) will be . Staking for 3 months gives you 20 % more additional BCO during staking . If you stake your BCO for 12 months , you would essentially be staking 200 % ( 2X ) your BCO.As mentioned 50 % of the trading profits from CryptoBridge will be distributed between BridgeCoin ( BCO ) holders proportionally . This can be calculated using the following formulaUser BCO Staking/Total BCO Staking in DEX * Profit from CryptoBridge = User PayoutThe more BridgeCoin ( BCO ) that a user has during staking period the greater percentage they receive of the payouts from the 50 % trading profits on CryptoBridge.Example — Total BridgeCoins ( BCO ) Being Staked on CryptoBridge : 500,000 — Bobs ( User ) total number of BridgeCoins ( BCO ) to be staked : 10,000 You have 10,000 BridgeCoins ( BCO ) and decide to stake for 3 Months ( 20 % Bonus ) . Your staking factor would now be 12,000 BridgeCoins ( BCO ) where you committed only 10,000 BridgeCoins ( BCO ) to be staked and received an additional 2000 BridgeCoins ( BCO ) as bonus .12,000 / 500,000 * Profit from CryptoBridge = Your Payout ( Share of 50 % Profits from CryptoBridge ) Start StakingWe created a tutorial to help you easily stake BridgeCoin ( BCO ) on CryptoBridge . Visit Tutorial : How To Stake BridgeCoin ( BCO ) on CryptoBridge To Receive 50 % of Profits for more details.Want to learn more ?	Introducing Staking : 50 % of All Trading Profits on CryptoBridge Will go To BridgeCoin Stakers
Working from home has proved to be a boon for the entrepreneurs who do not have enough financial muscle to compete with the established players . With optimized business model , they are able to strike a rapport with the clients across the country and the world . David Varrone , the founder of mindset merchants provides advanced consultation to the budding businesses in order to strike gold at the end of rainbow.The chargesAs the company grew over a period , it made many friends and enemies . The latter are in fact competitors who are not able to match the achievements of the brainchild of Sherry Varrone . In an act of sheer desperation , they launched an online tirade to malign the name of the company . Anonymous questions were posted in the forum claiming that Varrone couples were duping people of hard earned money . They were trying to pedal the same as a truth however at the end of the day it proved to be a blatant lie.Blow back : · The show must go on : Mindset Merchants customers were least affected by the criticism of the naysayers . On the contrary , David Varrone continued his noble work of providing consulting to the mid sized and small businesses . He has compiled a list of various clients belonging to the different industrial verticals . · Persistent efforts : Mindset Merchants offers one stop solution to the business woes of the small enterprises and goes a long way in delivering sterling results to the users . Both husband and wife are working overtime to spread awareness about the work away from home and have been instrumental in bringing smiles on the face of people . · Transforming lives : With new sets of business leads , the entrepreneurs are able to boost the business by many notches . In fact , the support staff of the company works in close collaboration with the clients to identify the problem . They play a very important role in transforming their perception from negative to positive . Due to untiring efforts of the Varrone couples , many people have changed their lives for good . · Dream big : Instead of pursuing 9 to 6 routine jobs , people have now become risk takers and want to do something different in life . The dare to dream big has helped them in achieving the objective . Sherry Varrone provides counseling to the clients by providing tips on how to tackle the impediments in the professional life . Because of clarity and transparency , the company has become the cynosure of all eyes and the criticisms have vanished.Despite severe attempts to hinder its business progress , Mindset Merchants continues to flourish and guiding people toward leading a better life . It has been helping earn lucrative from home business , now since many years .	How Mindset Merchants is Defying Criticism with Elan ?
It ’s the covert way that male depression hides that makes it scary . The blind spot that men can get taken out by . Men need listening friends where they feel safe enough to tell their stories.It was like a fog was being lifted off around my brain . I was able to think clearer . It was so weird . It was like waking up in a new land . All because I started to take medication for my depression.I then felt kind of sad and slightly angry that I had not looked into this earlier . Perhaps if I have would have done things would be different.I also wondered why some of those close to me did n’t suggest I get some help for my melancholic moods.It was a blind spot . I was n’t aware of it because I had grown used to it . I considered this as normal and that everyone felt and thought like this.Others just accepted the ‘ me ’ that I was without delving deeper.Its when the blind spot comes and shrouds over more and more of your life that questions need to be asked.Covert and low down nastyIn the book , he writes thisMany men try to hide their condition , thinking it unmanly to act moody . And it works : National studies suggest that doctors miss the diagnosis in men a full 70 % of the time . But male depression also stays hidden because men tend to express depression differently than women do.Research shows that women usually internalize distress , while men externalize it . Depressed women are more likely to talk about their problem and reach out for help ; depressed men often have less tolerance for internal pain and turn to some action or substance for relief.Male depression is n’t as obvious as the defenses men use to run from it . I call this “ covert depression . ” It has three major symptoms . First , men attempt to escape pain by overusing alcohol or drugs , working excessively or seeking extramarital affairs . They go into isolation , withdrawing from loved ones . And they may lash out , becoming irritable or violent . The Epidemic of Covert Male Depression — Show me a mad guy , and I ’ll show you a sad guy … Tell me your feelings ( ukk ! ) Ask a guy to tell you his feelings and more than likely you will get a confused look before a rotten tomato slams into your face.He does n’t want to talk about feelings . He does n’t know how to distinguish one feeling from another . I may be speaking for myself here , but feelings are damned tricky to describe.For most guys , this feeling thing is really feminine and just another hurdle to jump , trip on , make a fool of yourself and feel shame.We ’ve all had enough of that . So why bother.Tell me the storyMen , in my experience , are much more open if you ask for the story.They might start talking about a certain event and with some careful coaxing out comes the story of what happened . As a guy safely unpacks the story , another story might emerge , then another.The blindspots get revealed through the light of reflection . Questions get raised , a desire for discovery and exploration of what really happened start to gather some intrigue.A.B.T . ’s of a good storyI ’ve recently come across a wonderful narrative structure that helps my writing.The A.B.T. is an acronym for And , But , Therefore . You can see it in just about every great movie and speech.It was at the core of why Donald Trump the Presidency . ‘ Make America Great again ’ positioned itself into every speech . And — America is in a bad shape , But — I have a plan , Therefore — Vote for me and make America great again.Listen to more about this here How Trump ’s Narrative Intuition Beat Clinton and Put a Reality TV Actor in the White HouseGuys tell stories if you invite them to . As they keep adding to the story with ‘ and ’s ’ watch for the ‘ but ’s ’ and then the ‘ therefore ’s to make an appearance.Don ’ t crowd out a guy with your own conclusions . Instead , say ‘ Tell me more ’ and ask for clarifications ‘ I did n’t quite understand … can you explain that further ’ . Blind spots reveal themselves through connectionAnother one of those ‘ touchy feelie ’ words is intimacy . Scary land the place of in-to-me-see . Anyone coming in there may well just shame me again so the door stays closed.Stories open the door.It ’s that place where a guy can just feel safe enough to allow someone else to see inside . Men do n’t want to feel alone , but loneliness is often the result of not having relationships where they can just tell their stories without being shamed for the details.I ’ve talked with a lot of men , and I wonder how many of them are covertly depressed and just need another good guy to listen to their story . To become ‘ brothers in arms ’ in the story they are writing . Thanks to the guys who have listened to mine in the making.Quotes to ConsiderBecause of the stigma of depression , men often allow their pain to burrow deeper and further from view Terence RealThere are two ways to be fooled . One is to believe what is n’t true ; the other is to refuse to believe what is true . — Søren KierkegaardMen are easily threatened . And whenever a man is threatened , when he becomes uncomfortable in places within himself that he does not understand , he naturally retreats into an arena of comfort or competence , or he dominates someone or something in order to feel powerful . Men refuse to feel the paralyzing and humbling horror of uncertainty , a horror that could drive them to trust , a horror that could release in them the power to deeply give themselves in relationship . As a result , most men feel close to no one , especially not to God , and no one feels close to them . Something good in men is stopped and needs to get moving . When good movement stops , bad movement ( retreat or domination ) reliably develops . ” Larry CrabbQuestions to answer and leave a comment below or anonymouslyWhat other words do guys have a hard time with?Why are men afraid to tell their story?Why does the ‘ macho ’ strong male appeal?Barry PearmanImage cc : Erwan HesryFurther reading	Revealing the Dark World of Covert Male Depression
Are you planning to move?Are you one of among those individuals for whom shifting is the toughest task ? Do n’t allow your home shifting to jeopardize your daily life and cause stress.If you are planning to move your goods for the first time , then you might be right it ’s a complex affair.There is a need of proper planning if you are having a long list of delicate items to pack and move then be careful as a single wrong step towards picking an unreliable shifting will lead you to bear unwanted damage.The losses you suffer can be minimized if you hire services of professional packer and movers companies.All the packing activities are done in a well-planned manner with a special attention to your delicate items.Prior selecting any relocation company , it ’s better to check company ’s past record to make sure whether they keep their promise of safety or not.A reputed service provider will not only save your money but time as well . Therefore , it ’s recommended to keep following things in your mind before picking any movers and packers.People might think that finding a reliable , efficient , affordable and Best packers and movers in Delhi is going to be really tough . But with the help of this article , you can easily find the best and the cheapest packers and movers for relocation in any part of Delhi .1 . EASY HOME RELOCATIONServices : Warehouse solution , Office relocation service , Domestic packing and moving , Industrial packing , Vehicle shifting service .2 . FINDMOVERSServices : Household moving , Office shifting , Car transportation , Warehouse solution , Bike transportation .3 . VIJAY PACKERS &amp; LOGISTICSContact Person : Mr.Choudhary Bansi Lal4.ASMAX PACKERS AND MOVERS ( SINCE 1990 ) Services : Shifting houses , offices to moving your valuable &amp; luxury car .5 . SHIFTING SOLUTIONServices : Pet ’s relocation , Plants relocation , Furniture shifting , Household shifting services .6 . SHIFTING VALEServices : Domestic relocation , Car carrier service , Packaging and moving , Corporate shifting .7 . AGARWAL LOGISTICS SOLUTIONServices : It provides packing and moving services at reasonable rates and a fast service .8 . Riya Cargo Packers and MoversServices : Experienced professionals believe in packing a client ’s possessions and delivering them in exactly the same condition .9 . SAI BALAJI TRANSPORT COMPANYServices : Home relocation from insurance of the goods to be moved , professional paperwork , organized packing , planning before moving , storing material if needed , and delivering them in time .10 . GATI PACKERS AND MOVERSServices : Local Moves , Nationwide Moves , International Relocations , Corporate \ Office Relocations , Vehicle \ Car Transportation .11 . AGARWAL PACKER AND MOVERSServices : Domestic relocation , International packing , Shifting packing , Storage capacity .12 . SHIV SHANKAR PACKERS AND MOVERSServices : Packing and Moving , Home Shifting , Office Relocation , Car Carrier , Bike Shifting , Warehousing and Storage , International , Loading &amp; Unloading .13 . AGARWAL EXPRESS PACKERS AND MOVERSServices : Household Goods Shifting , Industrial Shifting , Loading and unloading , Car Carrier , Bike Shifting , Warehouse and Storage , Freight Forwarding .14 . SHIFT HOME PACKERS AND MOVERS15.DTDC MOVERS AND PACKERS16.STATE CARGO PACKERS AND MOVERSServices : Home Shifting , Insurance , Packing and Moving , Loading &amp; Unloading , Vehicle Transportation , Warehousing , Storage , International &amp; Shipping .17 . SAFE EXPRESS PACKERS MOVERS18.TOP INDIA PACKERS AND MOVERSServices : Household Shifting , Office Relocation , Car Carrier , Bike Shifting , Warehouse Solutions , Courier , Loading and Unloading , Insurance , Air Cargo .19 . SATYAM PACKERS AND MOVERS20.ALL INDIA HOME PACKERS And MOVERS21.SANTA FEE PACKERS AND MOVERS22.RELIABLE CARGO MOVERS AND PACKERS23.LATWAY PACKERS AND MOVERS24.SMILE CARGO PACKERS AND MOVERS25.AGARWAL LINK PACKERS MOVERS26.D N LOGISTICS PACKERS MOVERSServices : Home Shifting , Insurance , Packing and Moving , Car Carrier , Bike Shifting , Warehouse Solutions , Freight Forwarding , Unloading , Unpacking .27 . GREAT INDIA RELOCATION PACKERS AND MOVERS28.EFFICIENT PACKERS AND MOVERS29.BLUE STAR PACKERS AND MOVERS30.PRESTIGE PACKERS AND MOVERS31.LEO INDIA PACKERS AND MOVERSServices : Home Shifting , Office Relocation , Car Carrier , Bike Shifting , Warehousing and Storage , International , Loading &amp; Unloading .32 . UNITED CARGO PACKERS AND MOVERS33.SERVICE SUTRAServices : Local shifting , Car transportation , Storage service , Domestic home relocation .34 . SMD MOVERS AND PACKERSServices : Packing and moving , Loading and unloading , House relocation , Offices relocation services , Automobile transport service .35 . SAFE TRANS PACKERS AND MOVERS	LIST OF 35 BEST PACKERS AND MOVERS IN DELHI
24 – 7 Garage Doors is a garage door repair Houston based company that focuses in serving residential customers with garage repair services , dealing with garage repairs in a very fast , yet accurate manner . Our 24 – 7 garage door repair company assures you the same day service for the repair of your garage door if you are located centrally in Houston , and very next day in regards to installing brand new garage doors for your house in Houston Texas.However , garage door repair is the most important step you can take to make sure your device works reliably and in the most effective way possible . By maintaining your door you ’ll be able to improve their functionality and the way of operation ; you possibly can make their operation smooth and fluent by subtracting good care of tracks.Does your garage door makes irritating noises ? 24 – 7 Garage Doors offers regular garage door repair service houston for those general garage doors that most people always lean to forget about , 24 – 7 garage door has proven to extend the life of your garage door , its more cost efficient than buying a new garage door every year for sure.Garage Door Repair Houston	24/7 Garage Door Repair Services in Houston
Following its premiere on Wednesday morning , November 29 , the first trailer for " Avengers : Infinity War " has been announced as the most-watched trailer of all time . Marvel Studios has announced that the trailer racked up 230 million views in 24 hours , setting a new record for the most trailer views in a single day . The " Infinity War " trailer 's record viewership dethrones the previous title holder , " It " , which teaser trailer was watched 197 million times in 24 hours after it was released by Warner Bros. earlier this year . Additionally , The Hollywood Reporter has revealed that the the " Infinity War " trailer is the most talked-about first trailer for a movie ever with 1,147,438 new mentions within the first seven hours of release . The site has also revealed the five most talked-about moments from the trailer , and Captain America 's ( Chris Evans ) new beard won the top spot with more than 20,474 mentions on Twitter . Following the beard came Peter Parker 's ( Tom Holland ) newly-developed Spidey sense ( 6,100 mentions ) , the Guardians of the Galaxy appearing at the end of the trailer ( 5,497 mentions ) , Black Panther 's ( Chadwick Boseman ) " Get this man a shield " line ( 2,180 mentions ) , and the team running together at the end of the trailer ( 2,108 mentions ) . An unprecedented cinematic journey ten years in the making and spanning the entire Marvel Cinematic Universe , Marvel Studios ' " Avengers : Infinity War " brings to the screen the ultimate , deadliest showdown of all time . The Avengers and their Super Hero allies must be willing to sacrifice all in an attempt to defeat the powerful Thanos before his blitz of devastation and ruin puts an end to the universe .	' Avengers : Infinity War ' Trailer Is the Most-Watched Trailer of All Time
OVERVIEWMany executives are finding that doing what they ’ve always done is n’t going to get them to where they need to be today . As you think about that last statement , doing what you ’ve always done , will not get you the results you need . In addition , many leaders are reacting rather than planning change . It is almost like your organization is a hamster on the running wheel ? You just keep running and running and running , but you never seem to reach your destination?We will explore ways to jump off that hamster wheel and run the right course to reach the goals of your company and your corporate leaders.However , it will require determine what your organization ’s new normal will be . When you find that , you will probably find that you will need to do things differently . Your new normal is creating the culture in your organization where you are exceeding your customer , social , economic , political , and environmental demands while taking into account what is occurring in the world today and what may happen in the future.WHY SHOULD YOU ATTENDIf your company is to continue to thrive your CEO is asking the following question : Is our organization healthy enough to survive in today ’s demanding times?In turn your CEO may be asking you the following question : Are you and your team ready for the changes and challenges occurring in our organization?The job of an executive in today ’s business environment can seem somewhat volatile . Many pressures have been added to executives . In addition to focusing on the bottom-line results , they may now be faced with how to keep their organization whole if they ’re not reaching those goals . This adds a great deal of stress because they are responsible for their employees ’ livelihoods . Additionally , organizations are forced to look at external circumstances.Learn what you can do to manage the many changes and challenges that occur in your organization and industry on a daily basis?AREAS COVEREDThis webinar will focus on : Defining what sustainability really means to an organizationWhy organizations struggle with creating sustainabilityManaging horizontally to create a competitive edgeDetermining your organization ’s alignment and therefore your sustainabilityCreating your new normal is continually reinventing your organization based upon current and future situations . We refer to it as organizational sustainability . In essence , sustainability is being able to survive in any economic time , meet societal demands , environmental and political issues/regulations , as well as being able to look toward the future . Sustainability will change the way organizations do business . Organizations will need to think and act differently … they ’ll need to manage differently … and they ’ll need to compete differently.LEARNING OBJECTIVESWHO WILL BENEFITHR ProfessionalsCEOSenior Vice PresidentVice PresidentExecutive DirectorManaging DirectorRegional Vice PresidentArea SupervisorManagersFor more detail please click on this below link : https://goo.gl/yuyxp8Email : support@trainingdoyens.comToll Free : +1 – 888 – 300 – 8494Tel : +1 – 720 – 996 – 1616Fax : +1 – 888 – 909 – 1882Ways To Improve Organization	How to Create Excellence in Your Workforce and Your Organization
Recently , Iquant ’s parent company , Shenzhen KaiChuang FuCheng Technology Co. , Ltd , has established its wholly-owned subsidiary in Hong Kong , named Hong Kong KaiChuang FuCheng Technology Co. , Ltd . The parent company and subsidiary are responsible for different businesses , which makes its international and digital currency business independent from its domestic business.Iquant said that this action would make itself concentrate on the development of international and digital currency business and speed up its globalization strategy.The parent company , Shenzhen KaiChuang FuCheng Technology Co. , Ltd , is a financial technology company with intelligent trading and block chain technology as its core . After establishing its wholly-owned subsidiary , the parent company will be responsible for the domestic business , including A shares , domestic futures and software development . While its subsidiary will be responsible for American stocks , Hong Kong stocks , foreign futures , forexs and digital currency . Its business has covered more than 100 market centers of over 25 countries around the world , including Asia , Europe and America.Iquant said that although great adjustment has been made in its structure , the Iquant brand will remain unchanged . It will continue to provide one-stop intelligent services , including account opening , transaction , intelligent investment consulting , market condition , information , sociality and other functions about stocks , options , futures , foreign exchange and other products through web page end and APP end.Besides , Iquant ’s parent company has established Sino-US joint venture company with the automatic trading company Collective2 which has come into existence in America for 60 years . As we can see , the potential for Iquant is huge.The director of Iquant said that : ” All these measures will help us to gain advantages in competition , and help us to seize all the opportunities in international market . ” Currently , Iquant is upgrading its products . It is revealed by the Iquant director that Iquant is inviting the famous experts in operation to join Iquant , who will be in charge of international business and digital currency business . We believe that Iquant will embrace rapid development under new pattern and operation strategies.Iquant Official Website : www .5 iquant.comIquant Chain Official Website : www .5 iquant.orgi量化宣布重大结构调整 剥离海外业务布局全球市场近日 ， i量化主体公司深圳市开创富程科技有限公司 ， 成立香港全资子公司香港开创富程科技有限公司 ， 主体公司和子公司分管不同业务 ， 正式剥离国内业务和国际业务 、 数字货币业务 。 i量化表示 ， 这一举措将能使其更专注于发展国际业务和数字货币业务 ， 加快i量化全球化战略的脚步 。 主体深圳市开创富程科技有限公司 ， 以智能交易和区块链技术为核心的金融科技公司 。 深圳市开创富程科技有限公司成立香港全资子公司香港开创富程科技有限公司 。 主体公司将继续负责国内业务 ， 包括A股 、 国内期货 ， 以及软件开发业务 。 香港子公司将接管包括美股 、 港股 、 境外期货 、 外汇等国际业务以及数字货币业务 ， 这涵盖了亚洲 、 欧洲 、 美洲等至少24个国家100多个市场中心的交易 。 i量化表示 ， 尽管公司架构作出重大调整 ， 但i量化品牌保持不变 。 以网页端和移动APP端为载体 ， 基于智能交易和区块链技术 ， 针对全球股票 、 期货 、 期权 、 外汇等金融标的 ， 为全球投资者提供开户 、 交易 、 智能投顾 、 行情 、 资讯 、 社交等一站式智能金融服务 ， 是全球金融资产交易领域的顶级智能交易平台 。 不仅如此 ， i量化主体公司在上个月同美国成立十六年的自动交易网站Collective2公司成立了中美合资公司 ， 双方共同协作 、 互利共赢 ， 未来将全面覆盖全球的国家和地区 ， 市场前景无限广阔 。 i量化的负责人表示 ： “ 这些都将使我们在竞争中处于更有利的位置 ， 同时 ， 也有助于我们抓住国际上存在的所有机会 。 ” 目前 ， i量化正在整合升级产品 。 据i量化负责人透露 ， i量化正邀请业内知名运营人士加入 ， 重点负责国际业务和数字货币业务 。 相信在新的格局下 ， 新的运营策略下 ， i量化将高速发展 ， 未来发展不可预估 。 i量化官方网站 : www .5 iquant.comi量化链 ( IQT ) 官方网站 : www .5 iquant.org	Iquant announced its structural adjustment to make it business cover global market
For a short time , the cars are the stars in Los Angeles as the city 's Auto ( that 's American for " motor " ) Show gears up for the first two weeks of December . It 's an event full of shiny metal ... but which cars are truly the newest ? Here are eight straight out of the box . BMW i8 ROADSTER It 's been much talked-about and a really long time coming , but BMW rolled out the roadster version of its i8 plug-in hybrid sports car at LAAS.READ MORE : * Which makers had most fun at Tokyo Show ? It 's pretty much as you 'd expect : an i8 with the centre roof section missing . And still very dramatic-looking . Most features from the coupe are retained , including the distinctive dihedral door openings . BMW is all about EV-power : by 2025 it plans to have 25 plug-in vehicles in its lineup.MERCEDES-BENZ CLS The third-generation CLS made its global debut at LAAS . The concept is still the same as the 2004 original : a four-door coupe . If anything , this new model steps back a little closer to that first-gen model , with fewer sharp lines and an extremely small glasshouse in profile . But the front is lower and more aggressive , and the CLS is now a five-seater . There 's a new engine lineup , with M-B 's latest four and six-cylinder units . No doubt with the obligatory AMG-V8 version to follow . LEXUS RX350L The boom in seven-seat SUVs has caught Lexus by surprise ... apparently . It has three-row seating in off-road models like the monster LX , but it 's something never offered in its core-crossover RX model . The solution has been to stretch the RX by 110 mm to create the seven-seat RX350L and RX450hL hybrid models . The wheelbase has remained the same - all the extra is hanging out the back . The third row can be power-folded and the L has steeper tailgate and rear-screen angles to maximise rear headroom . MAZDA6 TURBO The most important features of the updated Mazda6 can not been seen from outside . Behind the mild frontal makeover there 's the 2.5-litre turbocharged engine from the CX-9 SUV and a completely new interior , with only the steering wheel and some minor trim elements carried over . The turbo-model will be launched in NZ mid-2018 , exclusively in a flagship luxury specification that will sit above the current Limited model . The name of the new version is yet to be decided : Mazda NZ gets to pick its own . PORSCHE 911 T Each new generation of Porsche 911 seems to get larger and more luxurious . Porsche is attempting to take the model back towards basics with the new Carrera T version . The " T " stands for Touring and dates back to 1968 . The Carrera T has pared-back equipment ( nylon opening hoops for the doors , lightweight glass , less sound deadening ) but ups the ante on driver appeal , with shorter-ratio transmission and 20mm-lower PASM suspension . JEEP WRANGLER Another model extensively teased ( and even tested by American media in Central Otago , NZ last month ) but not officially launched until LAAS , the all-new Wrangler has greater powertrain options , including a turbocharged four-cylinder and eight-speed automatic , superior turning circle and brings a claim of even better off-road ability . The JL Wrangler is slightly larger than the outgoing JK , but approach and departure angles have both improved by two degrees . The bonnet and doors are aluminium , the interior is vastly more modern and roof options include a power soft-top . RANGE ROVER SVAUTOBIOGRAPHY LAAS was a bit of a Special Vehicle Operations ( SVO ) - fest for Jaguar Land Rover . There were cars from SVR ( Jaguar XE SV Project 8 ) , SVX ( an extreme-off-road Land Rover Discovery ) and the latest from SVO 's super-luxury division , SVAutobiography . The Range Rover SVAutobiography long-wheelbase SUV has a redesigned cabin with rear seats offering 1.2 m of legroom , hot-stone massage function and business class-style reclining . It 's also now available with an even more refined powertrain : a plug-in hybrid offering 50 km of near-silent EV running . The SVAutobiography will be launched in NZ mid-2018 . INFINITI QX50 The QX50 mid-sized SUV has been teased a lot by Infiniti in the past year . But what 's special about the production version launched in LA is what 's under the bonnet : a variable-compression engine . It 's a world-first technology . The QX50 's 2.0-litre turbo engine can instantly adjust its piston stroke to modify compression ratio to suit the driving situation . Infiniti claims it offers the performance of a petrol with the torque and fuel efficiency of a diesel - much like Mazda 's forthcoming SkyActiv-X engine .	Eight new cars launched at the Los Angeles Auto Show
Blockchain is arguably one among the foremost vital technological advancements of the last decade , and it ’s vital to require a step back and trust the long-run implications for the money sector , and brokerage business as a full . Whilst most traders target the every day worth movements of blockchain cryptocurrencies , like bitcoin and ether , there ’s no denying that opinions on blockchain technology are mixed . however that ’s a full completely different discussion , for a distinct day . Instead we have a tendency to are aiming to assume Blyth Masters , former head of worldwide commodities at JP Morgan Chase , is right . ‘ How seriously must you take this ? i ’d take it regarding as seriously as you must have taken the idea of the net within the early 1990 ’s . It ’s a giant deal . And it ’s aiming to modification the method our money world operates . ’ With that in mind , let ’s review some core areas wherever blockchain technology might have an effect on the money sector.Cutting out the center manA key advantage to blockchain technology is surgical operation the center man . In effect , as a result of all transactions on a blockchain are valid by the community supported a mathematical likelihood , the need of a trustworthy intercessor is mindless . Blockchain would enable you to own a localized securities market , while not the requirement for a brokerage , financial organization , or settlement method . everybody would interact directly on the localized exchange , and also the code itself would be comfortable to supply the services that are presently provided by the broker . However , while not Associate in Nursing intercessor , however would this transfer of assets add practice?Let ’s take Associate in Nursing example wherever a particular trade goes through at a particular worth . Effectively , thousands of these at intervals the community vote on the validity of that group action , and since it ’s within the individual voter ’s interest to inform the reality , the community as a full will validate if that trade went through at that worth . No middleman . No trustworthy third party.This makes operational prices lower , and reduces risk . prices ar reduced as a result of there ’s no central party , and in theory , the deal is safer as a result of there is n’t a central trustworthy authority WHO might either be hacked or act amorally . The trade will solely be valid if it objectively takes place , and there ’s no demand to take care of a replica reconciliation of ledgers , checks and balances.Speeding up settlement and clearingCutting out middle and back workplace job roles is additionally seemingly to not solely have an effect on prices and scale back risk , however conjointly speed up settlement . this may apply not solely to things like contract and stock settlement , however conjointly FX settlement . Imagine a world wherever stocks and FX do n’t take 2 and 3 days to settle , and transfers between brokerages ( or directly between 2 people as mentioned above ) ar processed at intervals minutes instead of weeks . this can be the end result that advocates of blockchain are aiming for.Instantaneous settlement would even have a control on liquidity , not just for equities , however basic financial movements ( not simply FX dealing ) . You ’d be ready to create a payment to an addict or establishment over the weekend , and have the payment settle virtually instantly , instead of waiting the three days and that is presently needed in clearing . Bills may well be paid instantly , and there might , in theory , be no cross-boarder friction like there presently is . though we ’ve the monetary unit , USD , sterling , and Japanese yen as purportedly ‘ international currencies ’ , we ’ve ne’er had a really international standard . FX conversion prices would leave the window , and also the resistance movement of cash might truly become a reality.Regulation , reporting , and company auditingReporting and regulative trailing might conjointly become way easier . this is applicable not solely to regulative documentation of trade activity , however conjointly every individual company ’s demand to audit their record and submit company accounts . money blockchain ’s of the long run might , in a lot of constant method because the bitcoin blockchain , be publicly visible with all transactions mechanically and severally valid . or else , blockchain might go additional , and solely enable regulative bodies browse access to the complete ledger , with the broader commerce community solely having write access on variable degrees of authority.In summaryBlockchain has large potential , and also the continued adoption and resource given to analysis throughout the money sector is testament to the present . though we have a tendency to may even see vital worth action on blockchain cryptocurrencies normally , the blockchain technology itself is commencing to shift into focus for several establishments . Cheaper , quicker transactions on Associate in Nursing interconnected eco-system while not one purpose of failure is what ’s driving this ascendible technology . we have a tendency to should be in blockchain infancy , however if the speed of adoption continues over future ten years , because it has had over the previous nine , then we ’re set for a really turbulent decade in finance .	How could blockchain technology affect trading and the financial services ?
By 2025 , millennials will make up 75 % of the global workforce and bring with them trillions of dollars in buying power in years to come . This is important for emerging startup founders and entrepreneurs . It ’s a consumer group to look out for and it heralds a fundamental market shift : to conscious consumption.Giant Leap Fund managing partner Will Richardson says , “ over the next three decades , millennials in the United States alone will come into $ 59 trillion of wealth transferred from their parents . ”“ A conscious consumer is someone that ’s making a purchasing decision beyond simply price and quality — they ’re looking at the factors around the materials that go in to the production , the labour and transport for instance — it ’s how the good is produced not just what it is ” says Richardson.Deloitte ’s global 2017 millennial survey found that nearly 90 % of respondents believe the success of a business should be measured in terms of more than just its financial performance.Two thirds of consumers around the world would pay more for a product from a sustainable brand , according to Nielson ’s 2015 Global Corporate Sustainability Report . That figure rises to almost three quarters for millennials.Savvy entrepreneurs today are responding to this demand and looking at ways to embed positive social or environmental impact into the core of their businesses . “ I ’d really encourage founders who are thinking about starting a new business to think about how they can create positive change , and about everyone who is touched by their business , ” says Richardson . “ That loyalty , authenticity and generosity comes back to you in spades . ” But beware of taking this route for superficial reasons . “ Millennials can sniff out inauthenticity from a mile away , ” Richardson says.According to Car Next Door co-founder and chief executive Will Davies , entrepreneurs who try to deceive conscious consumers by green-coating their business are unlikely to succeed . “ People like this fail because their heart ’s not in the right place , ” says Davies.Hunting for changeDavies believes the rising tide of conscious consumers has been a powerful force for his startup , which provides a marketplace for car owners to share their vehicles with other people . “ I think that more and more people are thinking about this stuff every year and that ’s really having a positive impact on the growth of our business , ” he says . “ It took us just over three and a half years to get the first 500 cars on the platform and 11 months to get the next 500 . ” Now , Car Next Door boasts a fleet of 1200 cars , shared by 44,000 registered users on a platform that facilitates about 1000 bookings a week . “ Every car that ’s car-shared takes ten cars off the road which then reduces the overall demand for cars , ” he says.Davies says his journey into building Car Next Door came when he realised his entrepreneurial talent could be used to not only address the dangerous amount of carbon emissions people were releasing into the planet but to give customers a way of saving money simultaneously . “ I had a mortgage broking business and it was going really well , ” he says . “ I made the decision that I only wanted to be doing a business that is making a serious dent on the amount of carbon humans are spewing into the world . “ We ’re doing a whole heap of environmental damage to the world — excess carbon seems like the biggest issue to me . ” Looking back at whether it was the right move , Davies says it ’s a hell of a lot “ easier to get out of bed ” when you know all your effort is going towards making a real impact on the world . “ When you ’re having a bad day or week or month and the business might not be going that well , you ’ve got a much bigger reason to keep going than just hunting for money , ” he says.How to engage conscious consumersTo successfully engage conscious consumers with a brand , both Richardson and Davies believe it boils down to authenticity and value.Brands like Car Next Door , Sendle , GlamCorner and Who Gives a Crap are just a few examples of impact-driven ventures that have found an authentic and compelling way to engage the conscious consumer market.According to Richardson , these brands are making the sustainable movement “ mainstream ” by creating brands that shout “ fun ” and “ convenience ” . However he does caution that entrepreneurs need to always lift the bar , “ consumers are spoiled for choice so your product or service has to deliver on quality and price ” ; a purpose driven brand is not an excuse to fail to deliver “ value for money ” for your customers.In example , Davies says Car Next Door not only gives customers the satisfaction of reducing their carbon footprint but it also “ makes a lot of economic sense as well ” . People who car share can do so for an average of $ 6 per hour or $ 30 a day on Car Next Door and it means they skip thousands of dollars in annual registration , insurance and maintenance fees . “ Often when you ’re reducing carbon emissions , you ’re saving money as well , ” he says.Instead of guilt-tripping customers into purchasing their products , Richardson says successful impact-driven brands aspire to “ make people feel good ” , which drives a high level of customer advocacy . “ The customers are proud to be associated with these brands and products , ” he says.Davies ’ advice to up-and-coming impact entrepreneurs working to engage conscious consumers is to clearly define and communicate the brand ’s core purpose . “ The best thing to do is to be really clear about what you ’re trying to do on your website , ” he says . “ Whenever you speak to people , make sure you have a really clear message about the positive effects . “ Talk about it all the time , everywhere you go — forever . ” This article is general information , not investment advice.Will Davies , the CEO and Founder of Car Next Door . They help people get around without needing to own a car , reduce the personal and environmental costs of car use , and strengthen connections within community .	The Rise of Conscious Consumers
MADRID ( AP ) — The Latest on the court hearing for 10 Catalan separatists jailed pending an investigation into their role in the region 's independence declaration in October ( all times local ) : 9:00 a.m.A group of 10 jailed Catalan separatist politicians and activists have arrived in police vans at a court complex in central Madrid where they plan to plea for their release.Supreme Court magistrate Pablo Llarena is reviewing on Friday the provisional jailing of eight ousted Catalan Cabinet members , including former regional Vice President Oriol Junqueras , and the leaders of pro-independence grassroots groups Assemblea Nacional Catalana and Omnium Cultural.The judge is investigating the eight politicians for possible rebellion , sedition and embezzlement charges related to an unconstitutional independence declaration by the Catalan parliament in late October.The two activists are accused of sedition for their roles in protests in Barcelona that hindered a judicial investigation into preparations for an independence referendum on Oct. 1 . Defense lawyers are arguing that they have all pledged to comply with the law and renounced unilateral independence moves for prosperous Catalonia . Most of them are also hoping to campaign as candidates for early regional polls this month . ____ 8:00 a.m.A Spanish Supreme Court judge is reviewing jailing orders against two Catalan pro-independence activists and eight former members of the separatist regional cabinet ousted over a month ago.A lower court provisionally jailed the 10 while magistrates probe their role in events that led to an independence declaration in late October.The eight politicians face possible charges of rebellion , sedition and embezzlement that can be punished with decades in prison . The two leaders of grassroots separatist groups are accused of sedition for their roles in September demonstrations in Barcelona.The 10 requested the court appearance Friday to pledge lawful behavior and renounce unilateral independence efforts in the hope of being released.Most of them are running in the Dec. 21 regional election Madrid called after seizing control of Catalonia .	The Latest : Jailed Catalan separatists arrive at court
President Donald Trump has complained repeatedly about leaks in the White House , but it looks like he also has a problem with bugs . And mice . A list of White House work orders from the past two years ― including the final year of the Obama administration ― obtained by NBC Washington reveals a vermin problem at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. , including mice in the Situation Room . “ They are old buildings , ” former GSA Inspector General Brian Miller told the station . “ Any of us who have old houses know old houses need a lot of work . ” Other work orders include four reports of cockroach infestations , mice in the White House Navy Mess food service area , among other places , and ants in the chief of staff ’s office . “ I removed a lot by killing them , ” the notes on that latter work order read . Other orders are for routine repairs , painting , unclogging toilets and moving around furniture . In one instance , then-press secretary Sean Spicer wanted a safe removed and a “ skinny 3-4 foot banquet table ” added in its place . ” He also asked for a “ coin display case for his challenge coins . ” But it ’s the insects and mice that are getting all the attention . There are multiple requests for “ bug lights , ” including one for the office of White House aide Kellyanne Conway and a work order to exterminate “ cockroaches in the dining room . ” Vermin have been an ongoing problem at the White House for decades . “ For two or three months now I ’ve been telling them to get rid of the mice , ” President Jimmy Carter wrote in a 1977 diary entry , according to MSNBC . “ They still seem to be growing in numbers , and I am determined either to fire somebody or get the mice cleared out ― or both . ” And in Real Life at the White House : Two Hundred Years of Daily Life at America ’s Most Famous Residence , authors Claire and John Whitcomb described the residence during the administration of Grover Cleveland , who served two non-consecutive terms at the end of the 19th century : “ When the outside of the house was hosed down during a cleaning , a shower of spiders blanketed the ground . That evening , the white columns were black with them as they crawled back from whence they came . And then there were the cockroaches . One staff member said , ‘ I did n’t know there were so many species of cockroaches as I got acquainted with my daily work . ’” That book also describes first lady Frances Folsom Cleveland ’s pet canary almost being eaten by a rat that had gotten into its cage .	EWW ! White House Has A Problem With Cockroaches , Ants And Mice
OTTAWA - Canadian lawmaker Jenny Kwan on Thursday made an open statement in parliament on the Nanjing Massacre and other Japanese atrocities committed during World War II . It was the first time for a Canadian lawmaker to deliver such a statement to the House of Commons , and it came two weeks before the 80th anniversary of the Nanjing Massacre . " Eighty years ago , Imperial Japanese Army Forces raped an estimated 20,000 to 80,000 Chinese women and girls and some 300,000 people were killed , " Kwan said . " Western eye-witnesses in Nanjing described the atrocities as ' Hell on Earth ' , " she said . On Dec 13 , Canadian provinces of Ontario , Manitoba , Alberta and British Columbia will hold events to mark Nanjing Massacre Commemorative Day , she said . Last month , the Ontario provincial parliament passed a motion designating Dec 13 as the Nanjing Massacre Commemorative Day to commemorate the mass killing of 300,000 Chinese by Japanese troops . The parliament of Ontario , home to Canada 's largest Asian community with more than 3 million of Asian descent , became the first regional legislature in Western countries to adopt the motion . Manitoba joined a growing movement in Canada to recognize and commemorate the Nanjing Massacre , with a motion of this kind passing its second reading with unanimous consent in its legislature . Kwan also took note of the heinous crime committed against female war victims in Asia , who were forced into sexual slavery known as " comfort women " by Japanese troops during World War II . " Some 200,000 women from Korea , Philippines , China , Burma , Indonesia and other Japanese occupied territories were tricked , kidnapped or coerced to work in brothels to serve as ' comfort women ' to the Imperial Japanese army , " she said .	Canadian lawmaker makes statement in parliament on Japanese atrocities during WWII
Credit : Finlay et al . Heart tissue can be imaged in real-time during keyhole procedures using a new optical ultrasound needle developed by researchers at UCL and Queen Mary University of London ( QMUL ) . The revolutionary technology has been successfully used for minimally invasive heart surgery in pigs , giving an unprecedented , high-resolution view of soft tissues up to 2.5 cm in front of the instrument , inside the body . Doctors currently rely on external ultrasound probes combined with pre-operative imaging scans to visualise soft tissue and organs during keyhole procedures as the miniature surgical instruments used do not support internal ultrasound imaging . For the study , published today in Light : Science &amp; Applications , the team of surgeons , engineers , physicists and material chemists designed and built the optical ultrasound technology to fit into existing single-use medical devices , such as a needle . " The optical ultrasound needle is perfect for procedures where there is a small tissue target that is hard to see during keyhole surgery using current methods and missing it could have disastrous consequences , " said Dr Malcolm Finlay , study co-lead and consultant cardiologist at QMUL and Barts Heart Centre . " We now have real-time imaging that allows us to differentiate between tissues at a remarkable depth , helping to guide the highest risk moments of these procedures . This will reduce the chances of complications occurring during routine but skilled procedures such as ablation procedures in the heart . The technology has been designed to be completely compatible with MRI and other current methods , so it could also be used during brain or fetal surgery , or with guiding epidural needles . " The team developed the all-optical ultrasound imaging technology for use in a clinical setting over four years . They made sure it was sensitive enough to image centimetre-scale depths of tissues when moving ; it fitted into the existing clinical workflow and worked inside the body . " This is the first demonstration of all-optical ultrasound imaging in a clinically realistic environment . Using inexpensive optical fibres , we have been able to achieve high resolution imaging using needle tips under 1 mm . We now hope to replicate this success across a number of other clinical applications where minimally invasive surgical techniques are being used , " explained study co-lead , Dr Adrien Desjardins ( Wellcome EPSRC Centre for Interventional and Surgical Sciences at UCL ) . The technology uses a miniature optical fibre encased within a customised clinical needle to deliver a brief pulse of light which generates ultrasonic pulses . Reflections of these ultrasonic pulses from tissue are detected by a sensor on a second optical fibre , giving real-time ultrasound imaging to guide surgery . One of the key innovations was the development of a black flexible material that included a mesh of carbon nanotubes enclosed within clinical grade silicone precisely applied to an optical fibre . The carbon nanotubes absorb pulsed laser light , and this absorption leads to an ultrasound wave via the photoacoustic effect . A second innovation was the development of highly sensitive optical fibre sensors based on polymer optical microresonators for detecting the ultrasound waves . This work was undertaken in a related UCL study led by Dr James Guggenheim ( UCL Medical Physics &amp; Biomedical Engineering ) and recently published in Nature Photonics * . " The whole process happens extremely quickly , giving an unprecedented real-time view of soft tissue . It provides doctors with a live image with a resolution of 64 microns , which is the equivalent of only nine red blood cells , and its fantastic sensitivity allows us to readily differentiate soft tissues , " said study co-author , Dr Richard Colchester ( UCL Medical Physics &amp; Biomedical Engineering ) . The team is now working towards translating the technology for clinical use in patients . The work was kindly funded by the European Research Council , Wellcome , the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council and the NIHR Barts Biomedical Research Centre .	Ultrasound imaging needle to transform heart surgery
Saxophone Syncopators [ Photo provided to China Daily ] Slovak saxophone quartet Saxophone Syncopators made their debut show in China by performing at the capital 's Minzu Theater on Dec 1 . With a repertoire including Mozart 's The Magic Flute Overture , The Marriage of Figaro Overture and French composer Jean Françaix 's Suite For Saxophone Quartet , the band concluded their performance with a new piece based on popular Chinese folk song Jasmine Flowers.The quartet consists of alto - and C-melody saxophonist Pavol Hoďa , alto-saxophonist Frederika Babuliakova , tenor saxophonist Jan Gasparek and baritone saxophonist Ladislav Fanzowitz . The four musicians met four years ago when Fanzowitz had the idea of starting the quartet.Fanzowitz , who is also a classically trained pianist , graduated from the Bratislava State Conservatory and finished his doctoral degree in 2010 . He picked up the saxophone about seven years ago . Drawn to the sound of the instrument , he formed the quartet to " perform the authentic musical style of ragtime in arrangements for four saxophones " . " We play the oldest ragtime and hot jazz from 1912 to 1920 in the original arrangements for four saxophones following the footsteps of the saxophone ensembles from this period , such as the Six Brown Brothers , Joe Thomas Saxotette , and the Hollis Saxophone Quintet , " Fanzowitz says . " To achieve the most authentic and accurate sound , we use original period instruments from the 1920s . " During the concert , music from the quartet was integrated with the paintings by the late Chinese artist Hu Hong , whose colorful ink paintings were projected on a screen to form the backdrop for the performance.The show 's organizer Qiu Xingying said the idea of combining the music performance with Hu 's paintings was to pay homage to the artist , who died from a heart attack early this year aged 66 . This April , Hungarian composer and violinist Zoltan Szekely performed in Beijing , who also played using by paintings by Hu as a backdrop .	Slovak sax quartet makes China debut
This is not the first time I ’ve set out to write a post , an essay or any kind of material on this topic . But alas it is the first time I ’m feeling it . For real , for the first time EVER , I do n’t feel the enthusiasm slipping away . It ’s pervasive . It ’s still here . And why might that be ? Well first of all , Medium is a nice platform to start writing . Go fullscreen , and look at the letters filling the white board of your ideas . Listen to the keyboard mashing and after a while the trance that takes you there leaves you feeling both exhausted and relaxed . It ’s an enigma . But not really , all of you that write from the hip know the feeling.SO why be yourself and not right away . Ever since I ’ve known myself and tbh I ’ve only met myself a couple of times trough my life , I ’ve wanted to do writing . From my early fascination with Egyptian mythology , to high-schools ’ learning of logic , ethics and philosophy I ’ve had the urge to write . I even had a “ green book ” diary that I was writing my psychology theories in . I had n’t even enrolled a college yet . Psychology was the one that got away . Later on I even learned that Jung had his “ red book ” book/diary and that got me thinking … Fast forward to more than half a dozen years from then and here I am , fresh and brittle with the rising sun . After a decade of work , hard work doing stuff “ I do n’t like ” I ’m finally ready , or so I feel . If there ’s one thing that I ’ve learned it ’s that life GETS you down . No questions asked . And while I ’m feeling ready and clever there will be at least one reader that does n’t like it , and by Murphy ’s law he or she just might be the loudest one to protest.Don ’ t be fooled , I ’ve heard a “ no ” so many more times than a “ yes ” in my life and no such thing could get me down now . And that ’s my point . I ’ve learned to be myself , at almost 30 years of age this is the time to do me or for that fact for you to do you . Go all in , go hard and go home.The amount of work that I ’ve said no to myself taught me one thing among others . To let go.Over &amp; OutIvan Cosmic Pro	Just Be Yourself . But Not Right Away .
Sunderland are about to play a home game with fans and players both in a positive mood in what feels like the first time in a calendar year . Chris Coleman has displayed the passion and desire fans have been yearning for and confidence appears to be creeping back into the changing room and the terraces . That makes Saturday ’s game against Reading a perfect opportunity for Sunderland fans to come out in force and show the world , but more importantly the players , that we are a not the hindrance that many in the media and online would have you believe . Many have commented over the last few weeks about the attendance at the Stadium of Light , and Ian Holloway went one further after his QPR side visited telling us that opponents use any negative energy from the home crowd to their advantage . We needed the second goal in the game , if we had done the atmosphere would have helped us , not them . My shout to everybody would be this is a brilliant club , you still have the support and those lads out there still need some help . While Holloway ’s comments are fair , they make the assumption that the fans have been given something to cheer about by a group of players who have failed to win at home since December LAST year . That is an English record for the longest stretch without a home win , so how anybody could actually criticise the fans is beyond me . But now the situation is different . With new manager Chris Coleman picking up his first win last weekend the mood in the camp should be at an all time high . Players who have struggled to make an impact and have been seen to hide away in the last few months now have a chance at a fresh start and it looks like the manager is keen to give them the opportunity to prove themselves . So , as fans , lets also give them a fresh start . To be clear , I am not expecting everybody to forgive them for poor performances in the past , but instead lets urge the lads on as we know we all can on Saturday and beyond . These players may well make mistakes , errant passes , missed chances etc . But it is important to ensure that they do n’t fall apart on the pitch as a result of that and can display the confidence and character required to make it in this league . Under Coleman I am confident that the lads will display all the strength and desire expected of them not only as professionals but as Sunderland players and as a result they will reap the rewards from one of the best fanbases they will ever play for . It wo n’t be smooth sailing from here on out , but as long as we see a group out there every week putting their bodies on the line for the shirt , its our responsibility to make sure they feel appreciated by everyone in the stands . If the fans can get rid of this idea that we are potentially a weapon for opponents to use against us then there ’s no reason that Coleman and the players wo n’t be able to bring the good times back .	Let ’s put our differences with Sunderland ’s players aside and get behind them this Saturday
Today marks a special day for the energy sector in Australia for three reasons.Firstly , it ’s the first day of summer ( woohoo ! ) which is also the start of the most challenging season for the energy system . While most of us are enjoying end-of-year festivities in air-conditioned comfort , the Australian Energy Market Operator ( AEMO ) will be watching the whole system like a hawk.They ’ve been preparing for this summer for the past year because the demand forecasts showed a lack of supply in the market over this period , which would have resulted in regional blackouts ( as occurred in South Australia last summer , and almost occurred in NSW ) . However , these forecasts have spurred some much needed innovation in the form of “ demand response ” programs , which reward customers for reducing usage at key times . A number of such programs are now ( happily ) in place for this peak demand period.The Power of Choice reforms also go some ways towards facilitating a more intelligent system.The second reason today is special is that it marks the start of what ’s known as the “ Power of Choice ” reforms . The Power of Choice process started back in 2014 and includes a range of energy sector reforms ( for better and , some would argue , worse ) to lead the industry to be more consumer-centric . These reforms also go some ways towards facilitating a more intelligent system . For example , as of today any electricity meter which is removed from a property must be replaced with a smart meter which has the capability to record generation and consumption every 30 mins ( at least ) and be remotely read.If all goes to plan this means you ’ll be able to change your electricity retailer faster and with greater ease because no one will have to come out to read your meter before changing it over to the new provider . Over time this should reduce costs ( well , that ’s the expectation anyway ) . Under Power of Choice there ’s a new player in the energy ecosystem too . Your energy data will no longer be held by your distributor or retailer , but will instead stay with your “ metering service provider ” . If all goes to plan this means you ’ll be able to change your electricity retailer faster and with greater ease because no one will have to come out to read your meter before changing it over to the new provider . Over time this should reduce costs ( well , that ’s the expectation anyway ) . The requirement to utilise advanced meters is surely a good thing , as it will enable more accurate billing and should facilitate better offerings to customers . However , the full roll out will take considerable time because an advanced meter will only be installed when a meter needs changing , which is n’t that often . While new energy innovators wo n’t therefore be able to take advantage of such metering as quickly as they would like , this is clearly a case of “ progress over perfection ” , so it ’s great to see these changes come into effect . Indeed , as with other sectors , we can expect alternate offerings to take the place of slow , heavily regulated ones and the Internet of Things ( IoT ) in the energy space is rapidly heating up in response.And finally , just this morning Tesla unveiled the largest energy battery in the world in South Australia . It ’s the largest by a good margin too , being approximately three times the size of the next largest , which operates in California . It ’s exceptional to hold that record in Australia , and even more so in South Australia where wind and solar dominate the energy mix in the region . Energy storage is hailed as the glue between variable or “ intermittent ” renewable energy sources . This “ big battery ” is an international show-piece of a reliable , affordable , renewably-charged grid . We believe this , and similar projects , will pave the way for greater trust in new technologies like batteries to allow aggregation of smaller distributed energy resources to enter , and bolster , the overall energy system more rapidly.All this on one day ! It truly is a very exciting time to be in energy and the next few months are shaping up to be particularly exciting as we learn how the past year ’s innovations function in the real world.Posted by Darius Salgo , CEO of Nexergy.Want to take back control over who you buy and sell your energy with ? Did you know you can trade your energy amongst your family , friends , neighbours and community ? Book a demo of the Nexergy peer-to-peer energy trading app to find out how … ( Oh , and if you found this article valuable , please click 👏 to show your appreciation — or click and hold if you think it ’s super special — so others can find it ! And please say hi at @WeAreNexergy — we always love meeting new people . ) No more old style accumulation meters which need to be read by a human being . SourceAn “ advanced meter ” like this one is what we ’ll all have installed … eventually . SourceTesla ’s “ big battery ” connected to the Hornsdale Wind Farm in Jamestown , SA Source	This summer ’s power of choice
Jim Beam is joining the in-home smart device train with an artificially intelligent bourbon decanter called JIM . JIM is not exactly an Amazon Echo or Google Home , but it can answer questions about bourbon and even pour a shot when asked . The best part might be the voice of 7th Generation Master Distiller Fred Noe , who speaks with a matter-of-fact Kentucky accent . More : Experience Kentucky 's iconic bourbon distilleries More : Hawking : AI could be ' worst event in the history of our civilization ' The smart decanter operates using 3G . No app or Wi-Fi is required . But , the plan is only set up for six months . So , in a few months , JIM will simply be a decanter . The devices , which cost $ 34.90 , went on sale at 9 a.m. Wednesday and sold out within less than two hours , according to company spokesperson Molly Cournoyer . She said more will be on sale Friday morning . There 's a limit of one device per customer . JIM is available for purchase on the Jim Beam website . Follow Ashley May on Twitter : @AshleyMayTweets	Jim Beam created an Amazon-Echo-like bourbon decanter with a Kentucky accent
With chilly winter nights right around the corner , it 's time to hunker down with a good book and a cold beer . That 's easier than ever in Ontario , where we have an increasing number of breweries who will deliver their brews right to your doorstep . With that in mind , here are five pairing picks to get you through the holiday rush without having to make an extra stop on your way home . Malagash by Joey Comeau Giving us a glimpse into small town Nova Scotia , Comeau 's story of a teenage girl who refuses to accept her father 's impending death is beautifully crafted and darkly funny . A quick read , it partners family relationships with computer hacking as a means of holding on and keeping grief at bay . Pairing : Provincial IPA , Dominion City Brewing Co . This hop-forward IPA showcases three Canadian varieties from a single farm in Quebec . With assertive citrus notes offset by a light grainy sweetness , you may find yourself reaching for a second can in your race to devour the book in a single sitting . A History of Canada in 10 Maps by Adam Shoalts What better way to wrap up Canada 150 than with an exploration of its past ? Explorer Adam Shoalts analyzes early maps in order to paint a picture of the land that would become a nation , bringing its earliest stories , voices , and battles to life . Combining geography , cartography , history and anthropology , Shoalts leaves no stone unturned . Non-Fiction . Pairing : Rye Road RPA , Highlander Brew Co . Rye malts and flaked rye are well supported by gently spicy , citrusy hops in this smooth , light bodied brew . Subtler than your average American Pale Ale , it 's perfect for your voyage into our colourful past . All We Saw by Anne Michaels Toronto 's poet laureate returns with a collection of poems about what it really means to love . Her work takes readers on a journey from the first pangs of desire to the grief of a love lost , reminding us of our humanity along the way . You 'll find yourself reflected in her words . Poetry . Pairing : Bricks &amp; Mortar Coffee Porter , Left Field Brewery Rich and complex , this collaboration with Pilot Coffee Roasters is a full bodied brew that delivers roasted coffee beans and bittersweet chocolate . Enjoy it for dessert while you sneak off for some peace , quiet , and poetry . Oathbringer by Brandon Sanderson The much anticipated third release in the Stormlight Archive , Oathbringer delivers what fans of Sanderson 's epic fantasy have been hoping for all year . Dalinar Kholin 's efforts to unite the nations of Roshar against the Voidbringers set the stage for a serious page turner about building bridges and fighting for good . It 's the perfect escape . Fantasy . Pairing : Stormy Waters Smoked Lagersaison , Half Hours on Earth Brewed with 100 % smoked malts and fermented with both lager and saison yeast , Stormy Waters balances smooth campfire smoke with fruity notes and gently spicy hops . It 'll set the right tone for your vacation from reality . Christmas at the Vinyl Cafe by Stuart McLean With one for each of the twelve days of Christmas , this short story collection invites readers to spend the holidays with Dave and Morley . As funny as it is heartwarming , this book is the Vinyl Cafe at its best . The five never-before-published tales are an appreciated bonus . Pairing : Through the Quad , Block Three Brewing Coming in at 10 % ABV , this slow sipper is perfect for sharing with friends while reading stories by the fire . A Belgian dark strong ale , it offers up notes of dates , cherries and raisins along with a smooth dark chocolate finish .	Books and beers to keep you warm all winter
You ’ve done it before . You asked someone this question : What do you think of my idea?Most people will tell you it ’s good and then go on to tell you why it ’s good based on their own personal experience . These people are assuming you want to hear something positive from them . They believe that being supportive of your idea is what ’ll help you most.I find myself hearing the question and asking more questions back . I do this so I can understand why you are excited about the idea , how you discovered it , and what stage you are at with it.Most of the time if you are asking other people about the idea itself , you are at the earliest stages of the idea and have n’t validated it yet.I love this early stage.The possibilities are endless . You ’re able to figure out how to create something people love . This can be a fresh idea for a business or even new features for an existing product.If you have n’t already , you ’ll soon realise that it ’s easy to waste time on ideas that do n’t matter . I ’ve learned the hard way . I ’ve attempted to create dozens of products and advised many other people as they ’ve created things.Consumer ideas focused on emotion , entertainment , and leisure are more difficult to validate compared to products that businesses buy.Businesses directly pay for the products they use . A person ’s job at work is dependent on getting things done in their company . This validation process will be most useful to you when you ’re validating ideas that target other businesses as customers.Here ’s a three step process you can use to validate ideas : Create a problem hypothesis from your ideaSet up a system to pull people to youFind the pattern of painHere ’s the strategy for each step with examples of how great products have done it.Create a problem hypothesis from your ideaIdeas are just a description of the solution to a problem . Converting your idea to a problem hypothesis enables you to stay focused on validating the idea instead of building the solution.You do n’t want to get stuck creating a solution and then searching for the problem that it solves . This situation is most common when people decide to solve a problem that they have themselves . You have to make sure enough other people have the problem too.When creating a problem hypothesis start by describing the group of people you are targeting and what problem you think they have . It ’s a simple format : [ Group of people ] have a problem [ their problem ] You can take the idea for a new feature or a product iteration and create a hypothesis out of it.When working with an existing product make sure you have great ways to passively and actively collect feedback from your customers . It ’s important to listen to your feedback channels and use the information to come up with ideas that inform your hypothesis.Setup a system to pull people to youOnce you ’ve created a problem hypothesis you ’ll know the exact type of person who you want to reach and a high-level idea of what you want to learn.If you are working on an existing product and adding a feature or iterating on one , you ’ll most likely be able to email your customers to reach them . You want to find ways to attract people and talk to them . The ultimate goal is to get them to a voice , video or in-person conversation . Here are a few ideas on how you can get existing customers to talk to you : Send an email to ask for feedback and talk to themUse a Qualaroo pop-up on your website to setup a time to talkAdd a message asking to chat at the top of your web applicationIf you have their number try calling to offer help and get their feedbackCreate a “ fake ” button , link or tab for the new feature that when clicked asks to setup a time to talkFor a new product idea , unless you have direct access to a few dozen or more of your potential customers , you need to create a system to pull people to you . The most common way is to create a landing page that leads to a survey that people fill out . In the survey , you get to ask some relevant questions and also if people would be willing to chat with you.The landing pageYour landing page should be designed to get people curious by explaining the benefits of solving the problem you created in your hypothesis . Then they can choose to proceed by clicking the button , putting in their email or authenticating with a third-party service such as Google , Twitter or LinkedIn.Don ’ t spend a ton of time creating this landing page . A basic landing page is just some copy and a button that leads to a SurveyMonkey or Wufoo survey . In some cases it makes sense to spend more time and get people ’s emails first or even have people authenticate with a third-party service.If you spend the additional time it should be because what you can learn about your customers is worth the extra development time . Do n’t forget that the goal is n’t about acquiring customers , it ’s about finding potential customers to talk to in order to validate your idea.The surveyThe next step is to ask people a few questions once they have clicked on your button , entered their email or authenticated . Your goal with the survey is to learn more about your potential customers and have them give their information so you can reach them.Each question should have a specific purpose . Here are three types of idea validation questions : Market IntelligenceWhat are you up against ? What are people currently using?The answer can inform future customer acquisiton tactics as well as potential integrations and partnerships.QualifiersHelps you filter people to better target the ones you should follow-up with and segment responses to other questions.DiscoveryPeople will tell you things if you ask them . Read every response and categorise each of your open-ended responses into buckets . With open-ended questions you ’ll also discover the words people use . These responses are useful when you need to write marketing copy and iterate or test your landing page.How to get trafficOnce you ’ve got a landing page and a survey setup you will need to drive traffic to your landing page . People commonly ask about how to drive traffic and acquire those first set of people . Ask no more!Here are 95 ways to bring your potential customers to you . You ’ll find at least one tactic that ’ll work for you.Find the pattern of painAfter analysing the survey responses , you ’ll have a list of people to reach out to so you can schedule your first set of conversations.Start the conversation by asking them to tell you stories about their work . This enables you to hear things from their perspective and dig deeper . Resist the urge to ask directly about their problems until you hear something that sounds painful in their story.It ’s easier for most people to tell you stories than to talk about their struggles.This process is called customer development.You need to find out if people really do have the problem you think they have or if they do n’t care at all . When trying to validate your idea the main goal is to find the pattern of pain across your target customers.Jobs-To-Be-DoneJobs-to-be-done is a great framework to help you understand your customer development interviews . It provides a structure for recognising the common pattern of pain that your customers feel.The basic idea behind jobs-to-be-done is simple : customers are hiring your product out to do a job for them.When I ______ , I want to ______ , so I can ______ . You need to find out what job people need done with your product . By gathering this information in interviews , you can start to pull “ jobs ” out from the conversations and to make a list of what jobs are most common.From a feature perspective , Crazy Egg gives you heat maps that show you where visitors are clicking on your website . But from a jobs-to-be-done perspective , Crazy Egg helps you redesign with confidence.Once you establish the main job , you can break it down into sub-jobs . Organising our customer development feedback by jobs-to-be done allowed us to map each job to a specific report in the product.Intercom gives you live chat on your website , a help desk , email marketing , in-app messaging , and more . From a jobs-to-be-done perspective , Intercom makes communicating with customers really easy.Intercom ’s landing page copy is focused around the job or sub-job that the product does . The top screenshot is the landing page for the entire platform and the second one is for Intercom ’s help desk product.Instead of using a framework like jobs-to-be done , people tend to suggest solving your own problem because you get to focus on pain that you feel . Many times that pain you feel can be misleading.You have to make sure other people feel the pain too . You ca n’t validate an idea based on your own opinion . Your time is limited and you should n’t be wasting it on creating things people do n’t love .	Create products that people love by validating your idea first
Beringea is seeking a highly motivated , self-starting investment professional with a proven track record of leading venture/growth capital deals to join our UK office ’s rapidly growing investment team.Who are we?Beringea is a leading venture/growth capital investor , with $ 675 million under management across our UK and US funds , and industry leading returns . Our UK team is comprised of 10 investment professionals working out of our Covent Garden office . We have a close-knit , supportive culture , and are excited about the prospect of expanding our team to help continue to drive the growth of the business.While we are a sector-agnostic investor , the majority of our investments are in digital media , retail and consumer , and business software and services . Now over 60 companies strong across the UK and US , we are very proud of our portfolio , many of which are consistently recognised as fast growing disruptive market leaders in reports such as the Sunday Times Fast Track 100 and the Deloitte Fast 50 . Some current highlights across a range of sectors include Watchfinder , Chargemaster , Poq , Blis , and Monica Vinader.In the last 12 months , we have made 6 new investments and 7 follow-ons , mostly in Series A or Series B rounds , making us one of the most active UK investors . Consequently , we have been recognised as one of the UK ’s top investors in both the Scaleup Index 2017 and Growth Investor Awards . 2017 has also seen 7 highly successful exits , delivering an average equity IRR of 25.5 % . A small selection of Beringea ’s award winning portfolioWho are we looking for?We are looking for individuals with a strong track record of making successful venture/growth capital investments , and experience in portfolio management.You will have : A positive track record of deal executionIntellectual curiosity and a highly driven work ethicStrong existing networks and relationships in the technology and venture ecosystemExcellent negotiation , communication , presentation , and interpersonal skillsThe ability to work effectively with management teams by earning their respect and trustWhat will the role involve?The successful candidate will work end-to-end on the investment process : originating deals , taking a lead role on the execution of investments with the support of a Partner and Associate , managing internal and external due diligence processes , negotiating and structuring investments , and working closely with the boards of investee companies to drive value creation.The role is UK-based but will involve some travel.This is a relatively senior role , reporting into the Investment Committee and Beringea Partnership.How do you apply?If you are interested in the role , find out more here , and please send over a CV to careers@beringea.co.uk , with a short paragraph about why you believe you would be a good fit.We look forward to hearing from you !	Beringea ’s UK office is hiring an Investment Director/Manager
Chapter 5 of the children ’s book Going on 13Then the work started . Of course , there was more talk and merriment in it , but what do you expect from 11-year-olds on a day camp?Manu surveyed his team ’s goods with a critical eye . Neha ’s brother ’s old pull-back car for wheels , check ; thermocol , check ; paints , check ; motor , battery , wires and switch , check , check , check , check . “ Let ’s get this started , ” he said and the others waited for instructions . “ Neha , you take charge of the moon ’s surface . We will need to make tracks for the rover to go round and round , but I will take care of that . You just focus on the craters and peaks for now . ”“ I will need more thermocol to make the peaks , ” she said , “ and something sharp to scoop out the craters ” . “ Of course , ” agreed Manu , “ Akshay , have n’t you brought any cutters , and why only one sheet of thermocol ? ” Poor Akshay was speechless for a while . “ You said I was to bring a sheet of thermocol , ” he protested . “ I said bring thermocol . Use your common sense , Akshay , ” Manu replied . “ Now we will waste a day . ” There were titters from the other team , but when Manu glared at them , they looked away . Akshay was packed off to fetch more sheets , Fevicol and a cutter from the stationery outside . “ Never mind , we will make the rover today , ” said Manu . He picked up the tiny barrel-shaped motor and attached wires to its terminals while Vikram touched their other ends to the blue-coloured 9-volt battery he had brought . Wheeeeee , the motor whirred and everyone smiled in delight . Its working seemed like half the battle won and even the other team , Ginny included , came over to have a look . “ Vikram , you fix these things together in a circuit with that switch , and Samar , you get the wheels off that toy . If we are lucky , the motor will fit into the spring ’s groove and we wo n’t need to do much there . Now , if you will excuse us ( this to the other team , especially Ginny ) , we have work to do , ” Manu said.Vikram had everything connected in 10 minutes , and then making the motor run was as easy as flicking the large white switch . But turning that pack into a rover was the big challenge . The wheels of the toy car were large and chunky , and looked the part , but the thin axle did n’t have any groove to fit the motor ’s pin into . Raj said they could make it a three-wheeled rover , with the motor driving a single rear wheel and the front wheels moving freely guided by the tracks.It sounded like a good idea and Samar pried one wheel loose , pushed it over the motor pin and demonstrated the feasibility of the idea . But Rohan pointed out that the wheels would have to be attached to a base if they were going to build a moon rover . But how?They considerred using the toy car ’s base , but it was designed for four wheels , it could n’t take a wheel in the centre . Then Manu said all moon rovers had four wheels , and they would n’t make a ‘ moon rickshaw ’ either . So the car ’s base was all right , but the problem was , how to attach the motor to the axle?Akshay came back with the goods and a packet of chips to wriggle back into favour with Manu . But it was past 3 pm , and Neha had a Bharatnatyam class to attend . So they all called it a day and went home , promising to come early the next morning and get cracking . Before leaving , they locked up their material in a cupboard casting a suspicious glance at the water cycle team . ***	Getting Down To Work
A British earl , angry that none of his daughters stand to inherit his estate , has shone a spotlight on a dicey legal loophole . His suggestion : take advantage of the UK ’s gender-swap laws and opt for a sex change.The Fifth Earl of Balfour , Roderick Francis Arthur Balfour , is frustrated that his title will pass to his brother in lieu of his eldest daughter . In an impassioned letter to the Times , the earl said any of his daughters could simply declare that “ there has always been a man screaming to get out of her female body , ” opt for a gender change , and inherit his land and title . “ What is there to stop someone from changing gender and taking a title ? I think it would be interesting question for constitutional lawyers . Surely the time has come when we can nominate which child we want to be our successor , regardless of their current , past or future gender , ” Balfour wrote . What could be the ultimate first-world problem has got the earl thoroughly galvanized , angry that the laws of succession have been changed for the royals but not other well-to-do Brits . The earl believes that his daughters are more than good enough to fill his shoes , telling BBC Radio 4 that these days “ daughters are a lot more empowered , they ’re better educated and a lot of them are very capable of looking after estates ” . The sad tale of an earldom lost is not an unfamiliar one in the Balfour household . Countess Balfour saw Arundel Castle slip through her fingers when her father died in 2002 , passing to the eldest son instead of eldest child . Lady Tessa , who calls her husband ‘ Rod ’ – and behind closed doors maybe even ‘ the Rodster ’ ( this , however , is unconfirmed ) – said her daughter is definitely the man for the job . “ My daughter is extremely accomplished , she is very successful , she ’s a great mother and a great wife , and she would be perfect to follow in Rod ’s footsteps , ” she said . “ So many people have said to my daughter Willa ‘ if you change sex , you could inherit the title . ’ Of course it ’s not going to happen , but it is a realistic thing to say . “ There ’s nothing else in England really that discriminates against women in this way . A girl can be a judge , the prime minister , even the monarch . ”	My daughter is a sex change away from her inheritance , Earl of Balfour says
Arlen Ness wanted to try something different with " Light-Ness " and we say he succeeded . Jeff Allen This article was originally published in the December-January 1998 issue of Cycle World 's Big Twin magazine . Had you been able to ask Michelangelo why he sculpted the sublime David , he might have replied , “ Well , I just wanted to try something different . ” The same answer could also have come from Mozart , the Wright Brothers , Salvador Dali , Andy Warhol or any number of others who operated at the vanguard of their professions . Because that ’s what creative people do : create something different . With this build Ness wanted to get back to his chopper roots and back to the basics . Though distinctly different , the bike exudes typical Ness styling touches , such as the slotted turnsignals integrated into the rear-fender rails . Jeff Allen All of this certainly helps explain the latest work to spring from the imaginative mind of master bike-builder Arlen Ness : a one-of-a-kind , virtually all-alumi­num custom powered by an 88-inch Big Twin fitted with overhead cams . When we asked Ness why he spent untold thousands of dollars and countless man-hours building this unusual machine , he thought for a moment , then matter-of-factly said , “ Well , I just wanted to try something different . ” It ’s safe to say that he succeeded . One important way in which this Nessbike differs from other Harley customs is that it ’s fabricated almost entirely of aluminum . Lots of people have done customs in wall-to-wall chrome , but Ness says that this approach just does n’t appeal to him ; all-chrome bikes are too gaudy , too brash , too ... too something for his tastes . But aluminum ! Now , that ’s a different story . So , with a little help from his cadre of talented friends , Ness crafted yet another custom that not only turns heads everywhere it goes , but is sure to be one of his landmark creations . Ness has been at the forefront of custom-bike design for nearly 20 years , and his innovative bodybikes have inspired imitations all around the world . But he felt it was time for a change , time to get back to his chopper roots and back to basics . “ We ’ve done a lot of bodybikes over the past few years , ” says Ness , “ and now everybody else is doing them , too . We ’ve been building quite a few choppers lately , as well , and so have other builders . But ours have short forks and tall bars , a style that I ’ve been doing for a long time . I like that look a lot . That ’s where I started , and I always kind of fall back on that design . So , keeping with the basics theme , I thought I ’d do more of a performance-style bike ; and with its light weight , this bike is definitely performance . ” And it ’s definitely aluminum . In fact , just so everyone will always be re­minded that this gorgeous custom is made predominantly of that light alloy , Ness eschewed paint in favor of a bare-metal finish . “ Besides , ” he says , “ I can always paint it . ” In describing the alloy content of Ness ’s creation , it ’s easier to explain that the only non-aluminum parts are the ones that had to be made of something else — the tires , of course , and the fork tubes , the cams , the flywheels , the transmission gears , the axles , etc . But everything else is aluminum . The frame is a Dyna-style rubber-mount done in aluminum by Harold Walker in San Diego , California , and it weighs a mere 16 pounds . Accomplished metal-bender Bob “ Mun ” Munro pounded out the alloy fenders , and the aluminum gas tank was hand-made by Simon Parker for Battistini in England . Crafting an aluminum Harley custom is an accomplishment in itself , but that feat is almost overshadowed by the bike ’s engine , an 88-incher with overhead-cam top-ends hand-made by Pete Aardema from San Diego , a hot-rodding legend who has been building overhead-cam kits for Chevy and Ford motors for years . Two years ago , when Aardema and Ness first met , they immediately started discussing the feasibility of overhead cams for Harleys . Just 24 months later , the design is up and running , with re­sults that have been very gratifying for both men . From the left side , only the taller , blocky-looking rocker boxes imply that something different is going on in the engine bay of this chopperesque Big Twin . Jeff Allen “ The motor works so good that it ’s scary , ” Says Ness . “ Especially for this big of a project , right off the bat . We had the first prototype motor in an old Softail that Barry Cooney rode around San Diego for three weeks . It ran perfectly and we did n’t change a thing . Then we mounted the system on three more bikes and rode one of them to Sturgis . We were in such a big rush to get ready that we did n’t even have time to adjust the carburetor , but there were no problems whatsoever . On the entire ride to Sturgis , we did n’t have to turn one nut or bolt , and the engine never so much as coughed . “ We thought the overhead-cam setup would work slick on a Harley , ” continues Ness , “ and it does . It ’s just so easy on everything — easy on the starter and Bendix gears , for example . It turns over with a battery that ’s half the size of the usual one . And it ’s really fun to ride . ” Ness says that the overhead-cam conversion is set for some extensive testing in the next year-and-a-half . If all goes well , the system will be on the market in 1999 . Meanwhile , you can bet that bikes looking suspiciously like this one will soon start appearing in custom shows everywhere . Arlen Ness has been the most influential person in the custom-bike field for quite a long time , and nothing about his latest creation is likely to change that situation . And interest in the overhead-cam conversion is strong , particularly among Harley drag racers , who are drooling at the performance potential of this setup . So , another era of Harley customs has just dawned . Thanks to a man who just likes to try things that are a little different . Specifications : Bike Name : Light-Ness Owner : Arlen Ness San Leandro , California Base Machine : Hand-built custom Designer/Fabricator : Arlen Ness/Ness Enterprises Paint &amp; Chrome Molding : None Painting : None Graphics : None Polishing : Fernando Lopez Engine Year : 1997 Model : OHC Ness Tech Billet Builder : Jeff Border Displacement : 88 cu . in . Cases : S&amp;S polished Lower end : 41/4 ” S&amp;S Pistons : Ness Heads : Ness Tech/Patrick Racing Billet Cams : ( 2 ) custom-made Pushrods : None Lifters : None Primary cover : Ness Coils/wires : Crane Carb : S&amp;S Air cleaner : None ; velocity stack Pipes : By Mun Mufflers : Polished Other mods : Overhead cams driven by serpentine belt Transmission Year : 1997 Type : Dyna Primary drive : Chain Clutch : Barnett Frame : Year ; 1997 Make : Ness Type : Aluminum Dyna Builder : Harold Walker/Ness Modifications : Polished by Fernando Lopez Front Fork Year : 1997 Make : Ness Tech Type : Mid Glide Modifications : Chromed lower legs Rear Suspension Year : 1997 Type : Dual-shock Make : Works Performance shocks Swingarm : Ness Aluminum Dyna Front Wheel/Tire Wheel : Ness Tech Tire : Metzeler Tire size : 3.25 x 19 Rim width : 2.15 ” Brake : Ness Tech/PM caliper ; 13 ” Ness “ Smooth 7 ” rotor Rear Wheel/Tire Wheel : Ness Tech Tire : Metzeler Tire size : 150/70 x 18 Rim width : 5.5 ” Brake : Ness Tech/PM caliper ; 15 ” pulley/rotor Accessories Handlebar : Ness Speedo Risers : Ness Grips : Ness Tech Mirrors : Ness Tech Gas tank : Battistini ’s Oil tank : Aluminum side-covers by Mun Front fender : By Mun Rear fender : By Mun Headlight : Ness Tech with Tri-Bar headlamp Taillight : Ness Tech Electrics : By Gary Lindemann Speedo/tach : Ness Super Mini Seat : Danny Gray Foot controls : Mini Floorboard Controls	A Custom Arlen Ness Aluminum Motorcycle — From The Archives
A second daily surge in Europe ’s overnight benchmark rate that banks use to provide loans to one another sparked widespread speculation among traders about the trigger , though there were no signs of wider funding stress.Some traders attributed the jump in the Eonia rate to possible year-end funding squeeze at some lenders , while others pinned it down to demand related to Greece ’s just-concluded bond swap . Even though there has n’t been a convincing explanation , “ it could be down to a month-end distortion at some bank , ” Commerzbank AG said.Still , Europe ’s wider money markets took the unusual jump in the region ’s overnight lending rate in their stride . Data on Friday showed that demand for emergency funding from the European Central Bank dropped by 221 million euros ( $ 263 million ) from a day earlier , suggesting that there is no systemic stress . “ It would appear that there is a bank on the street that is in need of funds , ” Rabobank strategists led by Richard McGuire wrote in a note to clients . “ However , there could be all sorts of other less sinister factors that could be responsible . ” Thursday ’s fix rose six basis points to -0.241 percent , the highest since March 2016 . The rate has jumped 12 basis points in the past two days . Meanwhile , the Euribor three-month fixing for Thursday was unchanged at -0.329 percent.Eonia is a weighted average of overnight unsecured lending transactions in the euro area interbank market , while Euribor represents the interbank offered rate among the region ’s prime banks for longer-dated loans . “ The Eonia fixing is out of control , ” Commerzbank strategists Marco Stoeckle and Michael Leister wrote in a note to clients . “ The spike underscores the shortfalls of the current methodology , in particular the tiny volume of underlying transactions , concentration and small number of reporting banks , a point we have stressed before . ”	Eonia Mystery Deepens Despite No Sign of Wider Funding Stress
4 women4 social projects4 startups using technologies to solve crucial problems of the worldData science X Women Empowerment : Isabelle co-founded Isahit to empower women in Africa in the digital age . Isahit is an Internet Impact Sourcing platform for digital tasks : they provide digital work to economically disadvantaged women in Africa and train them to those new skills.Blockchain X Climate : Ana Karen is the CMO of Climate coin , a new cryptocurrency created for Climate change action . Climate Coin enables every person in the world to contribute to this global problem , and use the blockchain technology as a revolutionary way to eliminate intermediaries.Crypto-technologies X Human rights : Raquel is Senior Legal Advisor at eyeWitness to Atrocities . eyeWitness has developed an award-winning technology that authenticates and safely stores digital material ( such as photos of videos ) for the prosecution of war crimes.3D-printing X Plastic waste : Ana is co-founder of PlasticoCircular , a project developing 3D-printing facilities to transform plastic waste into new objects.On the 8th of November 2017 I had the chance to meet them during our 2nd MakeSense event of the “ Tech for the Global Goals ” series.Here are some learnings from their talks . # 1 — It all starts with storiesThis event happened during the Web Summit , where startups and corporates showcase their latest innovations and technologies . Most of them focus on the WHAT — ie their product ( a new app , software , algorithm , etc . ) and the HOW — ie the technology behind it ( IoT , AI , deep learning , etc . ) . I often came to ask myself “ But why ? ” When talking about innovation , there ’s always a need to explore first and see what happens next . Still , having a vision is so important when it comes to entrepreneurship.Isabelle ’s , Raquel ’s , Ana Carolina ’s and Ana ’s pitches re-ensured me . They all started their stories with a deep WHY , a strong reason why they started their project . At the beginning of their journey , there is always a deep experience of a problem , a turning point when those entrepreneurs decided to jump in because they could n’t bare such an unjust world.When it comes to social innovation , purpose comes first . Technology comes as a tool to leverage more impact and open new frontiers for impact.Plastic Sundays started as a beach cleaning initiative led by Ana and her friends . Based on the success , the City of Lisbon asked them to expand this program and create a city-level program to get all relevant stakeholders to collaborate . Starting from her intuition , Ana is now leading the ZeroWasteLab , an independent NGO working to bring together institutions , businesses , scientists , artists , civil movements to work together to erase plastic waste ! Thanks to collective intelligence , they are developing simple 3D printings tools to transform plastic waste into new products.Click here to discover more stories of social entrepreneurs . # 2 - Technology means nothing without changes in behaviorsRaquel develops eyeWitness to Atrocities . She is a lawyer and decided to jump in with some colleagues when she realized that many human-right abuses were left unpunished because of a lack of valid evidence.After several years of technological development , she now assesses that “ Technology is nothing if you do n’t change behaviors . In one second , users can write off years of technological development if they “ just ” forget to use the “ Safety mode ” of our application . ” To develop eyeWitness application , the team spend months and months on the ground , with civil-right organisations and local activists , to understand their needs , their fears , their habits . Now that the app is live , a continuous work of training local organisations is needed to make sure they use this tool for their safety and their defense!But changes not only happen among those who need it . Behavior changes and consciousness must involve all of us!This is the vision behind Climate Coin — a cryptocurrency created to finance Climate change actions , projects and companies . As Ana Karen clearly stated it , their mission is to create a symbol for the common man to be able to participate in this fight against Climate Change.The revolutionary blockchain technology is what they have chosen to achieve this mission with transparency and security . Thanks to technology , we can all become an important part of the solution to Climate Change.Oh by the way , Basile from MakeSense is one of the top contributor to democratize blockchain … read his whitebook on blockchain here :) # 3 — Building communities to scale impactI strongly believe in the power of communities to change the world . With MakeSense , we give citizens and entrepreneurs the power to build their communities and together solve the issues they care about . But I promise , it was n’t part of the brief for that event!And still , the 4 of our women entrepreneurs explained why community-building is a key pillar of their model and how they manage it.Isahit offers a platform to women in Africa and online trainings for them to complete easy digital tasks from their homes . They earn complementary revenues — up to 200 € a month — and are thus able to continue their studies or start their own business . They also gain new digital skills they will need in the future . They are empowered both economically and socially , to play a bigger role in their society.Wonderful ! So having the platform online is a guaranteed success ? Do n’t be too sure about thatTo make such a great service used and useful , Isabelle , Isahit ’s CEO , is working hard and accompanying each and every women in the learning process and the administrative organisation . She spends hours on the phone with those women , to understand how Isahit can truly contribute to improve their lives and skills . To do it at scale , Isahit trains local community-organisers : they are the key nod between the platform and the beneficiaries.The more I am thinking about it , the more I am convinced that Technology X Social entrepreneurs X Community-building can be a key recipe to solve the big problems of our world.If you want to join the program : Register as a mentor — send a message to basile@makesense.orgRegister to our newsletter here.Send us a message : ) Sign our manifesto to use Tech for Social Good : http://socialgoodaccelerator.wesign.it/en	Episod 2 : Tech X Social entrepreneurs X Communities to solve the global goals
LIVE Ottawa More Streams Every year at this time , the Ottawa Mennonite Church holds a fair trade Christmas market , with proceeds going to the Ottawa Food Bank . Volunteers make it all happen . Project Give 2017 in support of the Ottawa Food Bank This year , one group of volunteers has a special reason for wanting to give back . They 're members of a Syrian family who arrived in Canada as refugees over the last three years , and they wanted to say thank you to the congregation that sponsored them to come here , and has supported them since . " When we came to Canada , the sponsors at the Ottawa Mennonite Church did a lot to help and sponsor and guide us , " Lodi Ghossen said in an interview with CBC Radio 's Ottawa Morning for Project Give . " When I first came to Canada [ I had ] a lot of stress because I changed my city , my country . But now I feel very comfortable , especially when I came to this church . " High tea , borscht One event leading up to the annual market is a high tea , with borscht and Mennonite desserts served by volunteers . A new addition this year was a Syrian dinner with hummus , tabbouleh , pita , and spinach and cheese pies prepared by the newcomers for nearly 300 guests . Elias Ghusin , who is Lodi 's brother but spells his last name differently , said the Syrian dinner was the church 's idea , but that he and his family were happy to make the event happen . Maria Rigby has been volunteering with the Ottawa Mennonite Church for years and said the refugees — even those who 've only been in Canada a few weeks — were eager to help out in any way they could . Some volunteered at the high tea last year and really embraced the spirit of the event despite speaking very little English , Rigby said . " One of the women , she was very shy last year , so shy she could hardly speak . We did n't know how good her English was . She went basically from a level two to a level six in English , which is an amazing leap . " " This year she 's going to be one of our servers and go around and offer people tea and take the orders , " Rigby added . " She and her husband were the ones who spearheaded the Syrian dinner . " Lodi Ghusin said the dinner was a success , and that helping out made the volunteers happy as well as helping the food bank .	Syrian family gives back by helping Ottawa Food Bank
MADRID ( AFP ) - They may not be a top seed for Friday 's World Cup draw in Moscow , but the fresh blood added by coach Julen Lopetegui has put Spain back among the favourites for glory next July.Early exits at the 2014 World Cup and Euro 2016 appeared to show the sun was setting on Spain 's most successful generation after three consecutive major tournament triumphs at Euros 2008 and 2012 either side of La Roja 's only ever World Cup title in South Africa in 2010 . However , since succeeding Vicente del Bosque , Lopetegui has blended the experienced remnants of the World Cup winning side with a host of graduates from the under-21 team he led to a European title in 2013 . The results have been spectacular . Sixteen games into his reign , Lopetegui has yet to taste defeat.Spain 's qualifying record of nine wins and a draw , scoring 36 goals and conceding just three , left Italy a distant second in Group G and on the brink of their World Cup abyss.Just over a year after being dumped out of Euro 2016 by the Azzurri , Spain thrashed Italy 3-0 at the Santiago Bernabeu in September in a style reminiscent of the " tiki-taka " short-passing game that bamboozled opponents and won fans across the world between 2008 and 2012 . " I believe that the best thing a coach has to do is optimise and make the most of the virtues of his players " , Lopetegui told Barcelona-based sports newspaper Mundo Deportivo on Wednesday . " I think that the best quality of Spanish players is their passing ability and individual technique . Logically , we have to take advantage of that . " Lopetegui said it would be a mistake to try to adopt the Italian " door-bolt " defensive system . " Spain ca n't play catenaccio because that would n't make the most of the quality of our players . " - Youth and experience - The core that has survived from Spain 's heyday contains Sergio Ramos , Gerard Pique , David Silva , Andres Iniesta and Sergio Busquets.Some of the energy and hunger missing in recent tournaments has been added by the likes of David de Gea , Koke , Isco , Thiago Alcantara and Alvaro Morata who plug the gaps left by Iker Casillas , Carles Puyol , Xavi and Xabi Alonso.Morata 's stunning start to life at Chelsea has also eased a long-running void up front since David Villa and Fernando Torres were at their peak.Villa , now 35 and plying his trade with New York City in Major League Soccer , was even recalled to the squad for the demolition of Italy two months ago.Sometimes in the glory years Spain would line up without a recognised striker , and in this qualifying campaign the goals again flowed from a richly talented midfield.David Silva is now Spain 's fourth highest goalscorer of all-time with 11 in 15 matches , whilst Isco has netted six goals in his last nine caps.Spain may have to do it the hard way in Russia . Their seeding in pot two means the likes of Brazil , Germany or France could be waiting in the group stages . " We know we 'll get a big team for sure , " added Lopetegui . " All the seeded teams are dangerous . " We take what comes with confidence , believing in ourselves . " Without doubt a revitalised Spain will be the lower seeded side others most want to avoid on Friday . by Kieran CANNING	Spain rediscover style for new World Cup challenge
( Bloomberg ) -- Hungary ’s intelligence services completed a report on the " network " run by George Soros , backing up the claim that the financier is trying to interfere in next year ’s elections , Prime Minister Viktor Orban said.In an interview with state-run Kossuth radio Friday , Orban reiterated accusations that Soros was bent on undermining Hungary by helping to flood it with Muslim migrants . Soros denied these claims , saying that Orban is lying and setting up a " mafia state " designed for its leaders ’ personal enrichment . He said the government was more oppressive than the country ’s communist-era regime during Hungary ’s Soviet occupation.Orban , who has focused his entire campaign for re-election on attacking Soros , went a step further in Friday ’s interview , accusing the " speculator " of using NGOs he funds to carry out work befitting political parties . These civic groups would set up offices nationwide to campaign against the government because of its stance against Muslim immigration , Orban said , citing the intelligence report . " The Soros network and machinery has signed up to take part in the Hungarian election campaign , " said Orban , who leads all opinion polls by wide margins . " Hungary ’s very existence is at stake . " ‘ Eliminate Us ’ As part of his pursuit of creating an " illiberal state , " Orban has tightened oversight over non-governmental organizations that his government designates as " foreign-funded . " He has plastered Hungary with disparaging billboards of Soros , a proponent of open societies and one of the biggest funders of NGOs in eastern Europe , including a scholarship awarded to Orban himself when he was a university student and anti-communist activist.Soros has repeatedly rejected Orban ’s allegations , voicing his fear that NGOs and their leaders were threatened with persecution because of the government ’s campaign . In a video distributed by the Open Society Foundations on Friday , recorded before the prime minister ’s latest comments , Soros lamented what he called Orban ’s transformation from one-time democracy advocate . " Back then we were more successful in supporting society in getting access to support and information , " Soros said . The political " system in today ’s Hungary is the complete opposite of what we wanted to help achieve , " he added.Soros said Orban ’s personality has changed for the worse since the time when the Hungarian-born financier gave the young pro-democracy fighter the educational grant . Now Orban wants to remove those groups supported by his former benefactor , Soros said . " He wants to eliminate us , " Soros said . " I ’m personally not in Hungary , but the people who I support are there and they feel the persecution . " ( Updates with Soros quote under subheadline . ) To contact the reporter on this story : Andras Gergely in Budapest at agergely@bloomberg.net . To contact the editors responsible for this story : Scott Rose at rrose10@bloomberg.net , Michael Winfrey , Zoltan Simon © 2017 Bloomberg L.P.	Soros Sees Orban Worse Than Soviets Amid Hungarian Spy Probe ( 2 )
Maison Vallance met his girlfriend Meghan at a bar he often goes to . The two quickly got together , and in the space of two months he ’d even introduced her to his mother , BuzzFeed reports . Of Meghan and his mum , he said : They get along well , thankfully . Which is why , when his mum asked him to find a shirt she gave him , he dutifully tracked it down in his room . He had Meghan pose with it for a laugh , and sent the picture to his mum . And then , because his girlfriend looked ‘ cute ’ in the photo , he put it on Twitter too . Except , his friend Brooke noticed something strange in the photo … OH . Picture : Maison Vallance / TwitterAWKWARD . Picture : Maison Vallance / TwitterBut it was too late - Maison had already sent the photo . People on the internet sent their condolences ... Actually , they pretty much lost it Others were impressed by the setup ... And felt compelled to share their own family faux pas . But the question on everybody 's lips was : Did ma notice ? It turns out she did n't notice anything at first . Speaking to indy100 , Vallance said he ’d broken the news to his mum yesterday : She gave me a funny look then laughed ! She thought it was hilarious ! My girlfriend was embarrassed at first but then embraced it In fact , she was " glad it got nationally recognised " . Maison 's mum is a legend . Women are happier being single than men , study finds	A man accidentally shared a photo of his girlfriend no one should see
Last Friday , Redgate ran its first Open Space Event , and as a proponent of Open Spaces I was eager to see how this would work within Redgate . I was worried that people would n’t be willing to propose sessions to this new and potentially scary format , so I ’d got a fair few sessions up my sleeve . Thankfully , the event was a success , lots of people turned up and there were lots of varied topics and people seemed to be engaged.Session 1 — ConnascenceI was introduced to connascence at the SoCraTes Belgium unconference earlier this month and found it an interesting tool for describing coupling in a system . Connascence comprises of three axes : Strength — a measure of how easy it is to discover the Connascence , or how hard it is to refactor it . We should be favouring the weaker connascences.Degree — how many other entities is this entity connascant with ? The higher the degree the more difficult this connascence will be to change.Locality — prefer connascant entities to be closer together than further apart ( think functions , classes , modules , etc . ) . We can not eliminate all coupling from our systems , without any coupling none of our code should run , but we should be favouring the weaker , localised connascences with links to the fewest number of entities.I ran through the Checkout Kata discussing the different types of connascence we could find at each stage and using the connascence to guide us to order the refactorings we can takeand importantly when to stop refactoring.I am finding the language of connascence takes a bit of getting used to , like all new things we can take this too far ( e.g. does the fact your language allows s introduce connascence of meaning into your system ? ) , but it gives a common language for explaining coupling.Session 2 — Integrating user experience research in development?Sometimes on teams there can be a bit of a strain between the need to learn , to know what to build , to know what we are building is right and the , often internal , pressure developers feel to build something . Each team at Redgate should have an User Experience Designer to help us do the research and produce the best experience for the customers . Yet , sometimes we feel a tension between researching and learning . I found the discussion engaging and open and , in the Open Space tradition , carried on after the end of the session so I missed anything in the 3rd session.The two main issues that stuck in my mind the most were : Developers want to be building something , often finding research “ slow and time consuming ” that takes them away from coding.User Experience Designers feel the pressure to “ get it right first time ” because once the piece of work is finished.The two main issues can result in an anti-pattern , “ we ’re entering a user research phase ” which means the developers feel they have to “ down tools ” until the designs have been finalised and the user experience designers feel like this is their only chance to get it 100 % correct.In the end both groups want the same thing , to deliver customer value quickly and consistently ( i.e. without incurring too much technical debt , or design debt ) . User Research and Development are not mutually exclusive , the early stages of research for a new feature should be running in parallel to the development of features that we have validated . While we are developing a feature we should be getting feedback on slices of the functionality to guide the development and when we are satisfied the feature is good enough we should be gathering usage data and feedback from users in more passive means occasionally revisiting the feature.Session 4 — Modelling message queues with humansThis was a very interactive session where people had to move around and play the roles of different parts of a system , though a little rough around the edges ( it was proposed without any preparation ) the session involved some interesting discussions.We were broken down into 3 main systems : Applications — systems that generate and receive messages.Message Queues — receiving messages and holding them until someone asked for them.Message Broker — a system that applies rules to the messages it receives.We played out scenarios like : What happens if the listener is n’t listening anymore ? Drop the messages ? Hold onto the message forever?What happens if the queue fills up ? Does it drop the first message or the last ? ( It depends ) What happens if an application fails while processing a message ? One solution is to have a transaction for removing the message that is only committed after the processing is done.Broadcast messagingRequest/response over a messaging systemWe used post-it notes as messages because they were available , we have lots of post-it notes , but I could see a lot of this working with balls or beanbags and it got me thinking about how we could improve things , could we represent a queue by a tube with balls as the messages ? It would take more set-up but may make things better.How do understand , define and explore fit with development ?	Redgate Open Space — Coupling , UX , and Messaging
AS Games of Thrones warns , " winter is coming " , and some parts of the UK are already experiencing snow . But where can you expect snowfall and is there a weather warning out at the moment ? Here 's the latest ... North News and PicturesIs it snowing in the UK ? Many people experienced a coating of snow yesterday , including London , as temperatures plunged around the UK . Britons will be waking up to slightly warmer temperatures on Friday - with forecasters saying the current cold spell is " almost on its way out " . Snow showers seen across eastern England on Thursday will likely melt away through the course of Friday , the first day of meteorological winter , as temperatures rise to around 6C ( 42F ) . North News and PicturesIs there a UK weather warning ? Yellow " be aware " warnings for snow and icy patches across northern Scotland and the east of England as far south as Essex will be reduced as the Met Office reports the risk of snow is beginning to diminish . The majority of showers over eastern England are now expected to fall as rain and sleet , forecasters said . Meanwhile , police in Durham and Darlington warned snow and ice were still affecting some areas on Friday morning , making driving conditions hazardous . Meteorologist Craig Snell said : " For the rest of today , it 's a less cold day . It 's still going to be nippy out there , especially across England and Wales , but there is plenty of drier weather to be had away from eastern counties . " It will be increasingly cloudy across Scotland and Northern Ireland with outbreaks of rain . " That will gradually move south-eastwards as we go through the course of the evening tonight , not reaching the far south until some point tomorrow . " How often does it snow in the UK ? According to the Met Office , the majority of the UK gets on average 23.7 days of snow fall or sleet a year , based on the years 1981 to 2010 , or 38.1 days if you are in Scotland . Sadly for snow-lovers , much of this snow fall does not settle , and the figures show on average across the UK there 's actually only 15.6 days a year when snow is on the ground , compared to 26.2 days in Scotland . If you are desperate to experience the white stuff , the snowiest place in the UK is the Cairngorms in Scotland , which gets 76.2 days of snow or sleet falling on average . And on the other end of the scale , Cornwall is the least likely to get snow , with an average of only 7.4 days of snow or sleet falling a year . London News PicturesHow to drive safely in snow and ice ? The best advice is – do n’t drive unless absolutely necessary . Take food , water , blankets , a torch , a first aid kit , a fully charged phone , a shovel , jump leads and de-icer fluid . Make sure you clear all your windows – it ’s actually illegal to drive if you ca n’t see out of all of them . Try to stick to major roads which should have been gritted and make sure you have a full tank of fuel , and check the oil and other engine fluids before you set off . Keep your distance – it can take 10 times as long to come to a stop in icy conditions compared to normal . At least 20 seconds ’ distance from the car in front is recommended . Remember to drive smoothly and do n’t brake or accelerate harshly , otherwise your tyres will lose grip . Keep the radio turned off or down low so you can hear the difference if you hit an icy patch . If you do skid , do n’t brake – take your foot off the accelerator and let the car slow down itself .	Where is it snowing in the UK today , will it snow in London and is there a weather warning ?
DOW + 103 = 23,940 ( Record ) SPX – 0.97 = 2626NAS – 88 = 6824RUT + 29 = 154210 Y + .04 = 2.38 % OIL – .72 = 57.39 GOLD – 10.00 = 1284.40 Cryptocurrency Number of Currencies : 1,361 Total Market Cap : $ 313,200,409,865 24H Volume : $ 25,745,255,963 Price data in the GDP report showed inflation remains behind the Fed ’s 2 percent goal . Excluding food and energy , the central bank ’s preferred price index tied to personal spending rose at a 1.4 percent annualized rate last quarter . Gross domestic income , adjusted for inflation , rose 2.5 percent after a downwardly revised 2.3 percent gain in the prior three months ; second-quarter wages and salaries were revised downward by $ 26.5 billion . Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen delivered her final testimony before the Joint Economic Committee on Capitol Hill . Yellen said the country ’s economic expansion had broadened and strengthened , and that she expected the growth to continue . Yellen was careful to say that the economy could be doing better . She noted that the pace of economic growth remained slow by historical standards . She also said changes in fiscal policy could affect how quickly the Fed raises rates . Fed officials have drawn a careful distinction between tax cuts that increase economic capacity — for example , by encouraging business investment — and tax cuts that provide a short-term sugar high , such as cuts in personal income taxes that would likely increase spending . Also , today , at the ASU Economic Forecast Luncheon in Phoenix , San Francisco Fed President John Williams delivered an upbeat assessment of the economy , and falling unemployment is expected to put pressure on inflation … eventually , Williams anticipates the Fed will keep raising interest rates gradually . Yesterday , Bitcoin hit $ 10,000 . This morning it hit $ 11,000 – but by the end of the day it was back around $ 9,290 . Wild ride does n’t begin to describe it . Trading volume was a whopping $ 9.75 billion over the last 24 hours , according to CoinMarketCap , compared to $ 2.26 billion for digital currency Ethereum . The heaviest selling came amid reports of service outages and delays on some of the largest online exchanges . If it looks like a bubble , and walks like a bubble , and charts like a bubble … . If bitcoin is a bit too crazy for you , starting in 2018 , investors can dump their money into deeply unBogle-like , totally non-passive Vanguard exchange-traded vehicles with flavors like volatility , momentum , value , and , for some reason , low liquidity . That ’s right , actively managed ETFs . Recent Supreme Court decisions have expressed uneasiness with allowing the government to have unfettered access to vast amounts of digital data . By the end of arguments , at least five justices seemed prepared to limit the government ’s power to obtain records from cellphone companies showing their customers ’ locations over long periods of time . But there was no consensus about a rationale for a decision or about how far the court was prepared to go to reshape longstanding constitutional doctrines that allow the government to obtain business records held by third parties . Nokia ( HE : NOKIA ) is reportedly in talks to buy Juniper Networks ( NYSE : JNPR ) . The offer would value Juniper at around $ 16 billion . A scheduling glitch that allowed American Airlines pilots to take vacation at the same time has left thousands of flights during the busy holiday travel period next month without pilots assigned to them . Pilots loaded up their schedules with flights in early December , but many opted to take days off around the holidays , after the system allowed it . American Airlines Group ( NASDAQ : AAL ) is now offering pilots 150 percent of hourly pay to work those dates . It was unclear how much the scheduling problem will cost American Airlines . Whoops .	Stock Market Takes A Wild Ride
LIVE Halifax More Streams There 's a mystery shipwreck at the bottom of the Halifax harbour that 's baffled researchers and scientists for years . The schooner 's origin , even its name , are unknown . But a marine geologist who helped map the harbour bottom believes it was sunk on Dec. 6 , 1917 , by the Halifax Explosion . What 's left of the shattered steam-powered vessel sits in 28 metres of water , partially buried in silt , and covered in rust and marine growth . " It 's a copper-clad schooner , " said marine geologist Gordon Fader . Fader helped discover the mystery vessel in 2002 when he worked for the Geological Survey of Canada at the Bedford Institution of Oceanography — he was part of a team using sidescan sonar to map the harbour 's sea floor . After it was spotted , divers went down to get a closer look . " They said it also had some very expensive additions to it , " said Fader . " In other words , all of the fittings and the equipment on the deck were high quality brass and other high quality material . So we were wondering perhaps maybe it was a naval vessel or somebody who seemed to be very rich . " The British Royal Navy started using copper plates in the 18th century to protect ships from the corrosive effects of the sea . Outfitting a schooner in copper and brass was an expensive proposition , and losing such a vessel would be incredibly costly . Yet no records exist detailing the schooner 's sinking . That 's left Fader to come up with the theory that it was sunk during the Halifax Explosion . " We were very sensitive after the explosion about ship traffic and events in the harbour , " he said , which leads him to believe the vessel did n't go down in the years after the explosion . " I 'm sure it would have been in the papers and we would have all known about it . " Researchers tried to track down the origin of the schooner shortly after it was discovered in 2002 . Jim Camano with the Heritage Dive Team wrote a report outlining their research . In the report , Camano said the wreck was found about 100 metres away from the Halifax Shipyard . Through his research he narrowed the mystery vessel down to two possibilities , the St. Bernard and the Lola R. Both vessels were believed to have been lost during the Halifax Explosion . No blueprints or drawings of either were found but researchers were able to tease out a few vessel specifications . Camano and the other researchers do n't think the mystery schooner is the St. Bernard , since that vessel was 27 metres long and the ship at the bottom of the harbour is only about 12 to 16 metres . Researchers said the Lola R had little in common with the mystery schooner , aside from being about the same length . There was also no mention in any records that the Lola R was steam powered . After a year and a half of research and diving , the team concluded they could not identify the vessel . However , they were able to say the schooner was expensive to build because of all the copper and brass components . It was also built light for speed . Researchers thought it unlikely the vessel was a tug or commercial ship , but it did have many features suggesting it may have been a navy ship . The report was completed in 2004 . Since then , Fader said very little work has been done to identify the mystery schooner . But he 's optimistic . " Like all things in Halifax harbour , the last word has n't come out on many of the shipwrecks and the history . The bottom of the ocean holds lots of secrets , " he said . " However , with our new modern technologies and the will , people are always discovering new things . "	Is a mystery shipwreck connected to the Halifax Explosion ?
LIVE St. John 's More Streams The tax on gasoline in Newfoundland and Labrador inched down again Friday , as the provincial government continued to backtrack on its controversial doubling of taxes in 2016 . It 's a four-cent-per-litre break for motorists , who have seen the gas tax gradually rolled back over the past few months . Gas tax relief coming in N.L. budget 2017 A portion of what the Dwight Ball Liberals called a " temporary " tax remains in effect , while government tries to find a " balanced approach to fiscal management . " Drivers now pay 20.5 cents tax on each litre of gas pumped , compared to 33 cents in June . But it 's still more than the 16.5 cents of tax paid prior to the 2016 budget . " Government has committed that as the carbon tax is phased in during 2018 , the [ remaining ] temporary gas tax will be phased out , " a spokesperson for the Department of Finance wrote in an email to CBC News . Doubled gas tax drives N.L. 's inflation rate high above Canadian average Friday 's tax decrease has been factored into the regular weekly price adjustment by the Public Utilities Board . A litre of regular self-serve on the Avalon Peninsula is now about $ 1.27 . That 's the most gas stations can charge , so prices will vary from station to station . The price of propane , meanwhile , is up by two cents per litre . Diesel and furnace oil prices are also up , but by less than a cent per litre .	Break at the pumps as temporary gas tax reduced again
John Grove stood out among the dozens of fatal drug overdose victims the Georgia Bureau of Investigation examined in November 2016 . It was n’t just the 34-year-old ’s hulking frame . At 6 feet 4 inches and nearly 270 pounds at autopsy , Grove ’s muscular body showed few signs of the years he ’d spent battling opioid addiction . But when his toxicology test came back in January 2017 , it revealed something unusual . There were no opioids in his system , nor were there cocaine or benzodiazepines , which are now responsible for the overwhelming majority of drug overdoses . Instead , Grove tested positive for a single substance : mitragynine , best known as the psychoactive ingredient of kratom , an herbal drug derived from the leaves of a Southeast Asian tree related to coffee . And it was mitragynine that had caused Grove to collapse on the floor of his coworker ’s bathroom and die , GBI concluded . It was an odd and seemingly unprecedented determination . Scientists say there ’s scant evidence that mitragynine causes fatal overdoses , and many kratom advocates claim that overdosing on the substance alone is impossible . Although authorities have come forward with reports of deaths supposedly related to kratom , all of the cases they ’ve cited publicly have involved the presence of other , often more dangerous drugs , making it nearly impossible to discern kratom ’s role in the fatalities . But mitragynine was the only substance on Grove ’s toxicology test . His death , listed as an “ acute mitragynine intoxication , ” could have provided an important window into how this drug supposedly kills humans when taken in isolation . HuffPost took a closer look at Grove ’s case and other “ kratom-related deaths ” in Georgia . We found that not only is the state using sloppy reporting on these deaths , likely overestimating the apparent harms of kratom , but the state also appears to be rushing to blame mitragynine for the deaths of people like Grove , even when there may be more likely culprits.Grove was one of the first deceased individuals in Georgia to test positive for mitragynine , following GBI ’s decision in November 2016 to begin routinely screening for the substance amid mounting concerns about kratom , according to records the agency provided to HuffPost . There were four such kratom-related deaths in the state in 2016 , according to GBI ; and 11 more so far this year . Those figures recently led the state ’s chief medical examiner to warn that kratom is killing people in Georgia . But when HuffPost examined GBI ’s data , it became clear that the agency is relying on a loose interpretation of what it means for a death to be “ related ” to kratom . In fact , it appears to be counting every fatal drug overdose in which mitragynine is present as a so-called kratom-related death . Of the 15 cases GBI has documented , only four individuals tested positive for mitragynine alone . Grove was among them , though HuffPost has learned additional details which show that even in cases like his , mitragynine may not be the most probable killer . Every other supposed kratom-related death in Georgia also involved additional substances , often including much stronger drugs like heroin , prescription drugs or other potent opioid analogs like fentanyl ― sometimes taken together . In two of the cases GBI considers kratom-related deaths , the subjects tested positive for eight different substances , including opioids , antidepressants and other powerful prescription drugs . Due to the nature of GBI ’s data collection methods , it considers these deaths to be kratom-related . This system , which indiscriminately lumps cases into the same category despite glaring dissimilarities , says nothing about how ― or even if ― GBI determined mitragynine had actually contributed to each death . GBI declined to comment to HuffPost about Grove ’s examination , including what had led to the determination that he had died of “ acute mitragynine intoxication , ” as well as what such an incident actually looks like . Using these loose reporting standards , officials in Georgia have been able to claim they have the data necessary to classify kratom as a potentially deadly drug . But emerging science has found mitragynine to be largely benign , especially when taken in low or moderate doses . Additional research is needed to identify potential health conditions or genetic predispositions that could cause complications for kratom users . After all , if officials are genuinely interested in preventing harm related to kratom , they must first identify with certainty what that harm is . GBI ’s broad-brush treatment of kratom-related deaths does nothing to expand this understanding , and may actually obscure it by a producing a misleading narrative about mitragynine ’s effects.Kratom groups estimate that around 3 million people now use the substance in the U.S. , where it ’s sold over the counter as an herbal supplement and commonly taken as a powder or tea . More controversial products have also popped up in gas stations or head shops , where they may be hocked as a cheap high . Mitragynine activates opioid receptors , but does so without triggering respiratory depression , an often lethal side effect of traditional opioids . Consumers use kratom for a variety of purposes , including as a treatment for chronic pain , anxiety and depression , as well as a replacement drug for opioid addiction . In the face of a new drug scare , the federal government has predictably responded with promises of aggressive action to protect Americans . And it may be using Georgia ’s reports on kratom-associated deaths ― or at the very least , a similarly suspect methodology ― to advance claims that the herbal supplement presents an imminent danger to public health . Earlier this month , Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Scott Gottlieb issued a public health advisory outlining mounting fears about kratom ’s “ deadly risks . ” Gottlieb specifically claimed his agency had identified total 36 deaths associated with kratom-containing products , and argued they were proof of the “ increasing harms ” of the drug . The announcement signaled that the federal government was preparing to revive an effort to crack down on or ban kratom . The Drug Enforcement Administration postponed a similar push last year following intense public backlash , and is currently awaiting an official analysis from the FDA on kratom ’s risk profile before deciding how to proceed . In an interview last month , Gottlieb suggested his agency had already provided the report to DEA . The FDA has not revealed any further information about the 36 cases Gottlieb cited . It denied HuffPost ’s request to immediately release the data , and has responded to other reporters ’ requests by saying they could n’t locate it . An FDA database that compiles reports of adverse drug interactions shows records of 42 kratom-related deaths since 2011 . But all of the incidents on that list also involved the presence of other substances . Some of them took place abroad , and were related to a controversial adulterated kratom product that contains the opioid painkiller tramadol . If the number the FDA is now citing includes cases from Georgia , or even other similar deaths from elsewhere , it is almost certainly exaggerated . At the very least , these questions show there must be more transparency when it comes to reporting on kratom-related deaths . The tendency for public health officials and the media to run with these reports also suggests that there should be an independent review of the data to get a fuller understanding of what , if anything , these cases could actually say about mitragynine ’s potential harms . When cases like Grove ’s have attracted local media attention , they ’ve largely built on a wave of coverage portraying kratom as a new drug of concern ― and even a possible killer . Six states , as well as Washington , D.C. , have already moved to ban it . At first glance , there appears to be more to Grove ’s case than simple anti-drug hysteria . His toxicology test showed extremely high levels of mitragynine , which likely indicates he took around 90 or 100 grams of kratom , or somewhere between 5 and 20 times a normal daily dose , said Jane Babin , an attorney and molecular biologist who has reviewed previous reports of kratom deaths as part of her consulting work for kratom groups.Although there is little established research about what mitragynine does to humans at such doses , a GBI medical examiner ultimately concluded that it had killed Grove . Listed as “ contributing causes ” to his death are a number of cardiovascular issues , including an extremely enlarged heart and atherosclerosis , a disease that had caused a severe blockage in one of Grove ’s coronary arteries . The autopsy does n’t make clear how the medical examiner determined Grove ’s kratom use had brought about his death . Grove ’s death was the only case of its kind in Cherokee County , said Deputy Coroner Chuck Foster . He did n’t conduct the autopsy , but Foster explained how a medical examiner could have linked the presence of mitragynine to the state of Grove ’s heart . “ He may have taken so much of the drug that the toxicity caused the chain of [ cardiac ] events , so it has to be listed as the cause of death , even though under other circumstances [ the mitragynine ] would not have caused the death , ” he said . Although mitragynine has a lethal dose ― like pretty much every substance ― it has generally only killed mice or rats injected with a purified version of the alkaloid . “ Animal studies show that you need fantastically high doses , hundreds of times more than the equivalents that people take , and then over time , not suddenly , maybe over days or a week or so , [ gastrointestinal ] problems build up , ” said Jack Henningfield , an addiction specialist at Johns Hopkins University who has done pro-bono consulting for kratom advocates and conducted his own eight-factor analysis on behalf of industry groups . Even then , animal subjects tend to exhibit few of the acute symptoms typically associated with drug overdoses , such as respiratory depression . They also have n’t shown clear signs of the sort of cardiac or pulmonary effects often cited in supposed kratom-related deaths , such as Grove ’s . “ [ The animal test subjects ] die slowly and in some cases , they think it ’s due to constipation , ” said Henningfield . Still , it ’s possible Grove overdid it , said his father , Bob Grove . “ He did everything in the extreme , ” Grove said of his son . The younger Grove had battled opioid addiction for much of his adult life , and a few years ago was left facing drug charges that carried the possibility of 10 years in prison . He instead entered a two-year drug court program , which he completed in June , his father said . Bob Grove suspects his son may have begun taking kratom during that period . Drug court programs are abstinence-based , but typically do n’t test for mitragynine . Kratom has been touted as a way to help ease people through opioid withdrawals , or even take the edge off if someone feels at risk of relapse . It was n’t clear if Grove was taking kratom back then , his father said . But even when Grove told him he was using the drug , it was n’t obvious . “ You can tell when someone ’s kinda strung out , but on this , you could never tell , ” he said . “ It seemed like he was normal , very much so . There were no telltale signs . ” Grove seemed to be getting his life back together after completing his drug diversion program . He was able to get a stable job as a plumber , and was making good money . But his father also noticed physical changes . Grove had used steroids and human growth hormone regularly for years before his most recent arrest , and was open with his father about it . He ’d stopped taking these prohibited substances during the course of his court-mandated program , but afterward , he appeared to be bulking up fast . “ He got out of drug court in June , died in November , and you could tell he got big as hell again , ” said Bob Grove . “ He had to be on HGH again . ” Police found HGH in Grove ’s car after his death , along with two bags of kratom leaves or powder , his father said . But the autopsy makes no mention of HGH , and the toxicology test indicates that neither HGH nor steroids were among the substances GBI screened for . That surprised Bob Grove . “ I believe there was probably a contributing factor of a steroid , ” he said . “ They found that all of his organs were enlarged due to about 10 to 12 years of steroid use . ” In retrospect , Grove wonders if medical examiners could have been too eager to blame kratom for his son ’s death , perhaps leading them to miss something else . “ Maybe they wanted to say this so that they could get enough people who have died from kratom and they can make it a scheduled drug , because if they can say 100 people died from this , they can bring that to Congress to make their case , ” he said . “ That did go through my mind . ” Grove also is n’t convinced that kratom is completely harmless . He believes it could have value for people who are struggling with addiction , but is wary of it being sold over the counter until additional research has been conducted on the effects of mitragynine . “ The problem is that there ’s not a whole lot of information on this stuff , and some of it ’s contradictory . Some of it says it wo n’t hurt you and some of it says it will kill you , ” he said . “ Somewhere in the middle , there ’s truth . ”	Does Kratom Really Kill ? Officials Are n't Telling Us The Whole Story .
GRACE Davies has revealed that Robbie Williams sent her flowers ahead of The X Factor final this weekend . The 19-year-old has sailed through the show after winning audiences over by performing her own song , and now she ’s thrilled to have Robbie joining the ranks . ITVShe said on Good Morning Britain : “ I got some flowers from Robbie Williams last night , I ’m his biggest fan so I cried , I absolutely cried . “ It said , ‘ Grace , babe you ’re amazing , good luck in the final , ’ and I was like , ‘ Stop ! ’” She added : “ Absolutely mental ! ” Despite Grace ’s stellar performances on the show , she has been plagued with controversies and issues . Last week she told The Sun Online how a mysterious back injury had left her in agony and impacted her rehearsals . She said : " I do n't know what happened but about three weeks ago I woke up with the worst back pain and I 've had it ever since . Rex Features " Then [ Friday ] morning , I could n't even get up off the floor for about twenty minutes , and had to crawl my way across the bedroom . " It 's affected me a lot in rehearsals . " She was also said to have been left “ devastated ” when Matt Linen called time on their budding romance . A source told The Mirror : “ Grace and Matt had a bit of a thing together , but he ended it and she is devastated . " They hooked up in the kitchen on one occasion , and it looked to everyone else as if they were developing feelings for one another , but Matt cooled things off . “ There ’s a bit of an atmosphere in the house , now . And it does n’t help that Matt is always flirting with his mentor , Nicole Scherzinger . ” The new X Factor tour is epic!SIMON COWELL has revolutionised this year 's X Factor tour . The all-new 14 date tour puts the power back in the audience 's hands , as each night our finalists battle it out for fans ' votes just like they do on Britain 's most exhilarating TV show .	X Factor ’s Grace Davies reveals that Robbie Williams sent her flowers last night – and it left her in tears
Solange Knowles revealed she had spent a long time discussing with her father the type of artist she wanted to be , as she was honored at Billboard 's Women in Music event on Thursday ( 30Nov17 ) evening . The Cranes in the Sky hitmaker was feted with the American Express Impact Award at the Ray Dolby Ballroom gala in Los Angeles for " using her voice to empower and develop new leaders of tomorrow through ( her ) on-air persona , platform , and philanthropic efforts to inspire social change across the masses . " Her 2016 album A Seat at the Table grappled with issues of feminism and social justice , helping to propel her into the No . 1 spot on the Billboard 200 chart . And at the star-studded event , which was attended by Selena Gomez , Ciara and Mary J Blige among others , Solange reflected on her childhood days when her father , music manager Mathew Knowles , used to read Billboard Magazine to her . “ We spoke a lot about how I would define success as an artist , and existing in my truth , ” Solange explained to the audience about the conversations she had with her father as a young singer-songwriter . “ … About silencing outside noise no matter how painful or worrying that it was , about creating with the purpose of self and getting to know myself more clearly . ” The two discussed how the 31-year-old singer , the sister of pop superstar Beyonce , would claim her success thanks to a combination of talent , determination , and by " existing in her truth . " " I have so much gratitude in my soul for how the way my work connected with people , " she continued , discussing the reception to her album . " When I think about the word impact , I ca n't think of a more humbling way to articulate the mark that I would have liked to leave on the world with this work . " Along with stars such as her sister Beyonce , Adele , and Katy Perry , Solange is enjoying how much the industry is being driven by female artists . " It 's a new goddamn day and I 'm loving it , " she smiled .	Solange : ' I knew success would come by existing in my truth '
Paul McCartney has donated a personalized The Beatles box set to an auction to raise funds for the families of two victims of the Manchester Arena terror attack . Eilidh MacLeod , 14 , from the Isle of Barra in Scotland was one of the 22 who died when a man detonated an explosive device in the venue 's foyer as fans were leaving an Ariana Grande concert . Her friend Laura MacIntyre , 15 , was seriously injured in the blast . To help Eilidh and Laura 's families , the former Beatle is personalising a 50th anniversary box set edition of the band 's iconic 1967 album Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band , which will be sold off at Bonhams auction house . Eilidh 's parents , Roddy and Marion MacLeod told the BBC : " We are extremely grateful for Sir Paul 's kind gesture . People 's generosity has helped us greatly in the aftermath of our loss and we ca n't thank them enough . " Laura suffered serious hand and leg injuries in the attack , and only returned to school last month ( Oct17 ) . Her father Michael said the money raised from Paul 's gift will help her live a full life . " This an amazing and brilliant gesture by Paul McCartney in donating this personalized Sgt. Pepper album for auction to help Laura 's recovery and her future , " he explained . " We are grateful to Sir Paul and the many others who have helped financially to what has been an unbelievably difficult situation that we found ourselves thrust into . This kindness will help us move on in the future and to ensure Laura lives as full a life as possible after the awful events in Manchester . " Just weeks after the attack on her gig , Ariana Grande returned to Manchester to perform at a huge charity concert benefiting a victims ' fund . The concert , which also featured performances from Justin Bieber , Katie Perry , Liam Gallagher and Miley Cyrus , helped raise more than $ 13 million for the fund run by the British Red Cross .	Paul McCartney donates to teenage Manchester attack victims ' families
The world is winding up progressively complex with developing dangers and assaults . Thus it has turned out to be very intense for organizations to guarantee finish security for their significant resources and assets . Prior security frameworks in organizations by and large comprised of a firewall and against infection programming , and perhaps some neighborhood firewalls on work stations . Be that as it may , as the scope of assaults widened , more purposes of weakness were recognized . Numerous associations began conveying various security gadgets and programming like SSL doors , VPN switches , interruption discovery gadgets , application security arrangements and so forth.While each of these arrangements gives its own particular capacities to carry out specific occupations exceptionally well , the greater part of them are not prepared to give the conclusion to-end security that associations require today . A system security framework comprising of various security items has its own drawbacks . In this way , it has turned out to be imperative for associations to combine their danger administration frameworks and receive a Unified Approach with a Next-Generation Firewall.Here are a few reasons why you require a brought together way to deal with risk administration : 1 ) Each Security Product needs its Own Maintenance2 ) More Products Create More Interoperability Issues3 ) More Products Will Have More Points of Failure4 ) A Silo System Misses Sophisticated Attacks5 ) Plugging the Gaps Can Be a Challenge6 ) Each Security Product Has its LimitationsThreat Management	6 Reasons Why You Need a Unified Approach to Threat Management
Ksenia Zubacheva Ever been to a Russian apartment building ? If yes , you ’ll know what we are talking about . There are often many interesting things to see : Weird neighbors , strange objects , bizarre lifts ... That situation when there are six flats but only five mailboxes … How about this novel solution . Seems like those living in five and six must know each other ’s business pretty well.Russians love art but what would Leonardo Da Vinci think if he saw this ? Some people have the strangest neighbors . Did you know cows ca n’t walk down the stairs - looks likes this guy is stuck . Guess what happens when you do n’t have a garage - this!When taking the lift is more like trying to solve a puzzle game . Number 6 , but level 100 . Surely it ’s against the law to be driving while you ’re this high anyway.Coffee has never been so dangerous . If you forget to pay your tax in Russia , do n’t : “ Hi , Sergei , Where are you ? It ’s tax . I will find you ! ” This is what Sergei should have done - he would not have been found!If using any of Russia Beyond 's content , partly or in full , always provide an active hyperlink to the original material .	Killer coffee and cows : 10 oddities found in Russian apartment blocks
Smart speakers are set to be the hottest Christmas gift this year . On Black Friday , Amazon dropped the price of its core Echo product to £ 79 ( it is back up to £ 90 now ) , while Google slashed the cost of its Home device from £ 129 to £ 77.50 at most outlets ( it is also back up now ) . Meanwhile , Apple is promising to launch its version , HomePod , although the price point is rumoured to be significantly higher . With the pre-Christmas launch of the Echo Show , which ups Alexa ’s game with a built-in screen , are they the next must-have device ? A simple voice command can fill your room with music – and change tunes whenever you wish . They will answer questions on a vast range of topics , set alarms , tell you the weather and what your commute holds in store . Some can order almost any goods over the internet for delivery within hours or days . Hooked up with other devices , they turn lights on and off and control the heating . But they have also been accused of making fake purchases and snooping on your conversations . Your questions answered What are they ? Essentially internet-connected speakers with built-in artificial intelligence in the form of voice assistants , like those on most smartphones . The two biggest players are Amazon , whose Echo uses its Alexa voice assistant , and Google , whose Home speaker uses its Assistant voice recognition system . Apple ’s HomePod , using its well-established Siri voice assistant , was scheduled for launch in December , but the date has slipped to early next year . How do they work ? The built-in microphones listen for a wake-up word . Saying “ Alexa ” to Amazon ’s speaker or “ Hey , Google ” to Google ’s devices wakes them up so they start listening to you . From that moment they send everything you say to a server to interpret what you ’re saying and reply with an answer , action or similar . It all happens in a split second over wifi . What can they do ? Any number of voice-related tasks , but most people use them to play music by simply asking for a track , artist or album ; answer general knowledge questions ; and to set timers , alarms and , if you have gone to the trouble of setting it up , to control smart home devices such as smart lights . They can also can plug into your calendar to let you know what your day looks like . They will also mostly replace a digital radio , accessing any radio station that plays via the web . Are they always listening ? Yes , unless muted . The microphones are always listening out for the wake word . What are they good at ? They ’re best at performing activities when your hands are otherwise occupied . Setting timers in the kitchen while your hands are covered in flour ; playing a bit of music and then skipping the track or turning up or down the volume when amusing a toddler ; or simply settling arguments on who scored the winning goal in the cup final – without having to get out your phone . It should work on even quite slow broadband connections – although at times if you are listening to music , it may drop out on very slow connections . What ’s the difference between Alexa and Google Assistant ? Broadly speaking they perform very similarly . Alexa has a greater number of integrations with other apps from third-parties , such as National Rail , the Guardian , Ocado or Uber . Google Assistant has slightly better natural language understanding , particularly if you make a mess of your question . It also has a larger general knowledge database with the ability to fall back to reading out Google search results for those obscure queries . You are also told where the result came from , leaving it up to you to decide whether you trust the source . Will they snoop on us ? The devices listen out for your wake command , carry out the instruction , then shut off . However , any command is recorded to your account for posterity unless you delete it . There is no evidence that the devices are listening into general conversations then using the information commercially . Can I – or my kids – buy things with them ? It ’s possible . Alexa can buy goods from Amazon via voice using the site ’s one-click settings of your default payment and delivery details , so yes your children can instruct it to buy , say , Xbox games . But you can turn off purchasing at the outset to avoid this happening . Do I need extra subscriptions ? No . To use Alexa you need an Amazon account , but you do n’t need to be a Prime subscriber . For Google ’s Assistant you need a Google account , but not a subscription to any of Google ’s paid-for services . Which music services do they support ? Alexa supports Amazon Music , both the 2m-song library version bundled with Prime membership ( £ 79 a year ) and the full 40m-song library Music Unlimited at £ 3.99 a month with an Echo . You can add Spotify , TuneIn and Radioplayer . Google Assistant will play your own uploaded music library for free ( from your Google Play account ) , plus paid-for services such as Spotify . Google Play Access All Areas is £ 9.99 a month . Alternatively , you can stream music via Bluetooth from a phone , tablet or computer . Do they make voice calls ? In the UK Alexa can call Amazon ’s range of Echo speakers , as well as the Alexa app on a smartphone owned by you or your friends . You both need to have set up this function . Google Assistant can currently only place calls in the US or Canada . Which should I buy ? Each device has its advantages , but we reckon that the Amazon Echo is the best all-rounder . Amazon Echo Price £ 90 but look out for deals . It has good audio quality , an excellent ability to hear you over noise , and a solid feature set . Google Home Price : £ 129 but was widely discounted to £ 77.50 for Black Friday . If you can get it for that price or less , then it becomes a contender . Sound quality is poorer than the Echo , but Google ’s voice recognition is better . Google Home Mini Price : £ 49 If you ’re looking for something to just answer general knowledge questions – who starred in a film or scored the winning goal – it ’s the best bet , but it ’s not great as a music speaker . Apple HomePod Price : Unknown No official launch date yet , but it could be early 2018 and is rumoured to be around the £ 300 mark . Apple will be keen to offer the highest quality music experience . But its Siri voice assistant is widely regarded as weak compared to Alexa and Google Assistant . Sonos One Price £ 199 The best-sounding smart speaker to date has Alexa integrated into it , and is promised to receive Google Assistant-support next year , but lacks some standard features available to the Echo such as daily briefings and some music features . Amazon Echo Dot Price : £ 50 The smarts of Alexa condensed into a smaller puck-sized device with a small speaker , but audio output options to connect up external speakers , making it good for adding Alexa to existing kit . This article contains affiliate links to products . Our journalism is independent and is never written to promote these products although we may earn a small commission if a reader makes a purchase . This article originally appeared on The Guardian	Amazon Echo , Google Home or Sonos One : which smart speaker should I buy ?
THIS dramatic courtroom scene captures the moment a prisoner headbutts a paedophile - just minutes after the beast was caged for sexually assaulting a four-year-old girl . The footage shows inmate Josiah Davies , shackled and handcuffed , repeatedly smashing Christopher Elwell 's head with his own head . Twisted Elwell , 29 - who assaulted his victim at a sleepover - was sentenced to seven-and-a-half years to 15 years behind bars and has to register as a sex offender for his sickening crime , WMUR-TV reports . The station caught the attack on video inside the courtroom in Dover , New Hampshire . Bearded Elwell did not appear to be injured and looked remarkably calm and unfazed as the Strafford County deputy pulled Davies off of the pervert before dragging him to the other end of the bench . Davies , 27 , was awaiting arraignment and a hearing on a probation violation . The Strafford County Attorney 's Office said the two men did not know each other prior to the headbutting and suggested it must have been something about Elwell 's case that set Davies off . The New Hampshire Union-Leader reported that Elwell was accused of sexually assaulting the four-year-old during a sleepover in Dover back in late June . He initially denied any wrongdoing , but pleaded guilty to aggravated felonious sexual assault and failing to register as a sex offender . The latter charge stemmed from a 2008 conviction for engaging in sexual acts with a 14-year-old . Elwell was 20 years old at the time . Dover Police DepartmentDover Police DepartmentDavies , a transient man from Rochester , was in court for allegedly violating the terms of his probation in a forgery case . The 27-year-old has been charged with 17 felony counts for allegedly passing fake checks to the tune of nearly $ 9,000 . The county sheriff 's office is investigating yesterday 's courtroom attack . We pay for your stories ! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team ? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too . Click here to upload yours .	Dramatic moment convicted peado is headbutted by another prisoner in the middle of a courtroom
1 . http://mixpl.us/withoutyou&gt ; Rank ( 1 ) — As a music lover , I rank this website rank 1 because I appreciate the essence and the concept of this website .2 . https://vintage.agency/&gt ; Rank ( 2 ) - The interface of this web is attractive and interesting to use . It is so unique .3 . https://www.duroc.ma/en/&gt ; Rank ( 3 ) - When you open the web page you can hear a sound that will catch your attention and the interface is good also .4 . https://www.arte.tv/en/&gt ; Rank ( 4 ) - In thus webpage you ’ll see a different issues regarding on a different issues and you can play a video that you choose like in an youtube .5 . http://eslglobal-edu.com/en&gt ; Rank ( 5 ) - This website will help the unemployed person to get a job .6 . http://vestfrost.ua/en&gt ; Rank ( 6 ) - This website is very educational and it helps the vegetarian in to know a different method of freezing .7 . https://endemolshine.fr/fr/&gt;Rank ( 7 ) - The interface is so simple and the letters are not visible that much . So that , it ’s not readable .8 . https://maija.ua/en&gt ; Rank ( 8 ) - The effects and the fatures is simple but it so elegant .9 . https://tennis.nl/&gt;Rank ( 9 ) - This website is all about tennis . This is good to those who love to play tennis .10 . http://howlt.com/&gt ; Rank ( 10 ) - This website is all about the details of the products . It will help us to know about the product that we will buy .11 . https://enjoy-aiia.com/&gt ; Rank ( 11 ) - This website make an product and it show the information on how they clients are satisfied on the products that they made .12 . https://partagetessouvenirs.accorhotelsarena.com/&gt ; Rank ( 12 ) - The interface of this website is not good . It so messy .10 . https://www.pauldecotiis.com/&gt;Rank ( 13 ) - I do n’t understand the concept of this this website .	> Rank ( 13 ) - I do n’t understand the concept of this this website .
In honor of World AIDS day , President Donald Trump released a statement Thursday reaffirming the nation ’s “ ongoing commitment to end AIDS as a public health threat . ” But Trump ’s actions since becoming president suggest that finding a cure for HIV/AIDS is not a priority : In March , for example , he proposed cutting funding for the National Institutes of Health — the largest public funder of medical research around the globe — by about 22 percent . While Congress was able to beat back that proposal and slightly increase spending on biomedical research , this budget boost can only help the NIH hold steady , not break new ground , when it comes to finding cures for diseases like AIDS . As it stands , the NIH approved only about 19 percent of new research project grant applications last year . For HIV/AIDS research specifically , funding has held steady at around $ 3 billion for the past three years but is expected to drop to $ 2.5 billion by 2018 . The state of affairs is discouraging for AIDS researchers and the scientific community in general , said Warner Greene , co-director of the University of California , San Francisco Center for AIDS Research . “ We ’re in jeopardy of losing an entire generation of young scientists , ” Greene said Tuesday at UC San Francisco ’s annual HIV Cure Summit . “ We can not recover from that . ” The funding crunch pits disease communities against each other , explained Judith Auerbach , an independent science and policy consultant at UC San Francisco ’s school of medicine . Given HIV ’s reputation as a chronic but manageable condition , it ’s at a higher risk than other diseases of taking a research funding cut . “ You start getting into the disease vs. disease argument , both within the NIH and research and advocacy community , ” Auerbach said . “ My disease kills more people than your disease , ergo I deserve more funding than you do . “ HIV/AIDS is always the first thing on the top of the hit list . There ’s a sense that we ’ve taken care of it . ” The GOP is also pushing a tax bill that would severely burden people pursuing masters and doctorates by forcing them to count their waived tuition as taxable income . So for a Ph.D. student whose tuition is waived but who earns a $ 30,000 stipend working at the university ’s lab , taxes would have to be paid not just on the stipend but also on the university ’s annual cost of tuition , increasing the doctoral student ’s yearly tax bill by thousands of dollars . About 60 percent of graduate students who have waived tuition are pursuing degrees in science , technology , engineering and math , Vox reports . The tax hit would be another blow to the scientific community . Trump ’s repeated attempts to repeal or weaken the Affordable Care Act would also worsen the quality of life for people who already have HIV . Thanks to the ACA , people with pre-existing conditions , including HIV , were no longer dropped from health insurance coverage . It also allowed 32 states , where 62 percent of all people with HIV live , to expand Medicaid coverage that would cover HIV treatment . Finally , it mandated free coverage of HIV testing for most new health insurance plans . The more people get diagnosed and get into treatment to manage the virus , the sooner their viral loads can drop to “ undetectable ” levels , making it almost impossible to pass it along to someone else . About 1.1 million people in the U.S. are living with HIV . While diagnoses are declining in the U.S. , certain populations are at a higher risk of infection : gay and bisexual men , people who inject drugs , African-Americans and Latinos . Trump did not mention any of these groups in his World AIDS Day statement . Trump says he wants to help make sure AIDS is no longer a public health threat , but to do so would mean funding more research , making it easier , not harder , to become a scientist , and supporting the people who already have HIV . Until we see those changes , his administration ’s World AIDS Day statement rings hollow .	Why Donald Trump 's World AIDS Day Statement Falls Flat
Kellogg ’s UK has been accused of attempting to get around child obesity sugar rules after branding Frosties , whose mascot is a cartoon tiger , as an adult cereal . The cereal company has revealed plans to reduce sugar across three of its children ’s cereals – Coco Pops , Rice Krispies and Rice Krispies Multi-Grain Shapes – and to scrap its Ricicles product . Frosties will no longer feature any children ’s on-pack promotions in recognition that the cereal tends to be eaten by more adults than children , according to Kellogg ’s . The company will also make changes to other major brands . Sugar will be reduced by 40 % in Coco Pops , by 20 % in Rice Krispies and by 30 % in Rice Krispies Multi-Grain Shapes . The change will be implemented without using artificial sweeteners . The company has also pledged to reduce salt in Rice Krispies by 10 % and in Rice Krispies Multi-Grain Shapes by 50 % , and to remove all artificial preservatives . It will also launch a new range of “ plant-based ” cereals called WK Kellogg , with no added sugar , low sugar , organic and vegan options . Oli Morton , the Kellogg ’s UK managing director , said : “ We recognise , based on national dietary survey data , that people are eating too much sugar at breakfast and throughout the day and that people need more options , such as organic and vegan . ” But there was some scepticism about the claim that Frosties – with a cartoon mascot called Tony the Tiger whose motto is “ They ’re grrreat ! ” – were not aimed at children . Jenny Rosborough , a campaign manager at Action on Sugar , told the Daily Telegraph : “ I am not convinced that Tony the Tiger does n’t appeal to children . Frosties is a very popular cereal , and while Kellogg ’s claims it is now not aiming it at children , children will still eat it . “ However , we are encouraged by Kellogg ’s overall sugar reduction plans and the recent changes they have made and would now like to see this ambition rolled out across their whole portfolio of cereals . It is crucial that manufacturers take responsibility for the nutritional quality of cereals they are selling and how they market them , particularly to children . ” This article originally appeared on The Guardian	Kellogg 's UK prompts anger by branding Frosties an adult cereal
Lying is such a central characteristic of life that better understanding of it is relevant to almost all human affairs — Dr. Paul Ekman ( Telling Lies , Page 23 ) . In my journey in the field of human engineering , I explored various aspects of this field one of them is lie detection , and while I was learning about this science I came across various myths which people believe are the reliable sign of deception but it is not.The most common one is , if the person is not looking directly in the eyes of observer then he is lying , as we all usually get this one “ look me in the eyes and tell me ” . This is not true , this is the biggest lying myth among all and the reason is , in order to form any sentence or access our memory section , eyes has to roll to some direction for example if the person is right handed , for him to access any visual content he has to look up towards yours right , if something is pretty obvious he may just blink and give you the answer and if something the person is not aware of he may roll his eyes 360 degrees in order to find info about it and that ’s how our mind works.Another is if the person is scratching is forehead , cheeks , or rubbing his nose or if he is covering his mouth , he is lying . Again not true and why , because first of all , we ca n’t rely on just one indicator there has to be many and this could mean anything , he may be having itchy nose or forehead etc.People often thinks that if someone is stuttering he is lying , well may be but it could also mean that the person is not able to find the right words to express his thoughts or may be his emotional state is not right.If someone is smiling or laughing while speaking , he is lying . Not true again because may be he just recalled some funny moment inside his head.The reason why I wrote this article is : It is better to believe in a lie than disbelieving the truth.Source : Chirag Singla	Lying Myths — How ToTell if Someone is Lying
( Bloomberg ) -- Christopher Hohn , the activist investor who runs TCI Fund Management , has never liked taking no for an answer . This time is no different.Thwarted in his effort to keep Xavier Rolet on as chief executive officer of London Stock Exchange Group Plc , he ’s pushing ahead with a campaign to oust Chairman Donald Brydon , who plans to stay until 2019 . Hohn is persisting even after Bank of England Governor Mark Carney voiced frustration with the management tussle at the 216-year-old stock market . “ As a shareholder in LSE , or indeed as part of its broader management team , you would n’t look at any of these continuing developments with any satisfaction , ” said Paul Kinrade , a managing director at consulting firm Alvarez &amp; Marsal . “ The ongoing publicity and disruption is , at best , unhelpful . ” Hohn first captured the media spotlight leading a bruising shareholder revolt in 2005 that drove out the CEO and chairman of Deutsche Boerse AG . TCI , which owns more than 5 percent of the London exchange , on Thursday demanded a shareholder meeting to remove Brydon , 72 . A day earlier , Rolet said he would step down immediately , spoiling Hohn ’s campaign to extend his tenure until 2021 . The LSE will hold a meeting of shareholders on Dec. 19 to allow a vote on Brydon ’s future , the company said in a circular released Thursday . It added that “ aspects of Xavier Rolet ’s operating style ” were “ important factors ” that the board considered when setting out a succession plan , declining to provide further details.Hohn is best known for activist bets , or buying stakes in companies and then pressuring management to make sometimes painful changes to boost the share price . His failure so far in this case shows the limitations of such aggressive campaigns , which often lead to pushback from European boards . It ’s also possible that Hohn overestimated the support he would receive from other investors.Near the start of his push to keep Rolet in early November , Hohn wrote to Brydon that it was TCI ’s “ firm belief that the majority of shareholders support the CEO staying long term and can not understand your reasons for seeking his removal . ” Just one -- Egerton Capital -- came forward publicly to back his effort , and the share price was largely unmoved by the vocal four-week campaign . It declined 0.7 percent on Thursday to 3,779 pence ( $ 51.11 ) . This Boardroom Debacle Is an Embarrassment to London : GadflyIt ’s no mystery why Hohn wanted to keep the 58-year-old Rolet as CEO . In his eight-year tenure , the Frenchman led a series of successful deals that gave LSE control of the world ’s largest clearinghouse and arguably the biggest compiler of financial indexes . The stock surged five-fold under his watch.But it was a failed deal that ultimately led to Rolet ’s departure . In March , the European Commission blocked the $ 14 billion sale of the LSE to Deutsche Boerse . Rolet , who had agreed to retire on completion of the deal , unexpectedly found himself in charge of LSE for the foreseeable future . That was the beginning of the split between Rolet and Brydon.The LSE chairman had a back-up plan in case the deal with Deutsche Boerse collapsed , according to a person familiar with Brydon ’s thinking . Rather than retain Rolet , who had been planning his retirement for 12 months , Brydon wanted to bring in someone new , the person said , asking not to be identified discussing private matters.Few investors were surprised when the LSE announced on Oct. 19 that Rolet would stand down after a lengthy handover period . After all , if Deutsche Boerse had succeeded in buying LSE , he would already have been free to tend the harvest at his wife ’s vineyard in Provence . But on Nov. 3 , Hohn launched his campaign to extend Rolet ’s contract and show Brydon the door.TCI assumed that Rolet tacitly agreed with the firm ’s demand for his extension , according to a person with knowledge of the matter . Rolet had changed his mind and wanted to stay on , a different person familiar with the matter said.Over the next few weeks , the tussle escalated as Hohn demanded a shareholder vote . The LSE said on Nov. 10 that it would honor the hedge fund ’s request by publishing a circular setting a date for a meeting . But there was a twist in store . A person with knowledge of the LSE board ’s preparations said that the document would set out how Rolet had become increasingly difficult to work with . Some of the board members viewed the CEO ’s management style as “ imperious , ” adding that he no longer tolerated dissent , according to the person . An LSE spokesman declined to immediately comment on the matter.The equation changed again on Tuesday , when Carney noted Rolet ’s contribution to the LSE but added that “ everything comes to an end , ” remarks viewed by some observers as a signal for the CEO to leave . And Rolet , who had been silent since TCI started its campaign , was categorical in announcing his departure on Wednesday morning : “ I will not be returning to the office of CEO or director under any circumstances . " Under the plan announced Wednesday , Rolet will be replaced by Chief Financial Officer David Warren on an interim basis , and Brydon will exit in 2019 . The company also asked TCI to take back its demand for an extraordinary general meeting , which Hohn declined to do . “ There is no change to our position ” on Brydon , TCI said in an statement on Thursday . The vote later this month will determine whether Brydon or someone else gets to help choose the LSE ’s next CEO . -- With assistance from David Hellier To contact the reporters on this story : Nishant Kumar in London at nkumar173@bloomberg.net , Will Hadfield in London at whadfield@bloomberg.net . To contact the editors responsible for this story : Elisa Martinuzzi at emartinuzzi@bloomberg.net , Frank Connelly , Keith Campbell © 2017 Bloomberg L.P.	Hedge Fund Presses Bid to Oust LSE Chairman After Rolet Setback
CHARLTON , Oxford United and Hearts are tracking Woking defender Nathan Ralph . The stylish left-back has been in great form this season for the Cards in the National League and is expected to feature in the FA Cup second round home tie against former club Peterborough on Sunday . Rex FeaturesRalph was part of the Surrey side ’s win against League One strugglers Bury in the last round and his display has put Football League clubs on red alert . The 24-year-old is out of contract in the summer and SunSport understands he is keen to get back into Football League as quickly as possible . Woking top brass are aware of interest in their prized asset and would prefer to cash in on Ralph next January rather than losing him for nothing in the summer . On the other hand , Cards boss Anthony Limbrick will want to keep his defender to help with the cup run and thier tilt at promotion to League Two . Ed SykesAFP - GettyKeith Campbell - The Sun GlasgowAddicks boss Karl Robinson has run the rule over the defender as he plots a path back to the Championship . A potential move north of the border is another option with Hearts monitoring his situation . Jambos boss Craig Levein is looking to add to his ranks on a tight budget and the former Posh defender is high on his shopping list . Ralph will have seen last year ’s Non-League star Roarie Deacon make the move from the National League to the Scottish top flight last summer . Deacon joined Dundee on a free transfer this season from Sutton United .	Woking star Nathan Ralph chased by Charlton , Oxford and Scottish Premiership side Hearts
Deductibility of home mortgage interest is a hot potato in the current U.S. tax cut and reform debate . It always has been . In 1986 , zealous reformers wanted to eliminate the deduction , but realtors and all their backers descended on Congress and the idea dropped dead . But this time around , even if the impending tax changes become law , the measure is unlikely to have a meaningful effect on mortgage interest deductibility for most , or depress home prices or the booming housing market . Perhaps that 's why the surge in the share prices of homebuilders , with the S&amp;P Homebuilding Select Industry Index up more than 16 percent since late August , seems well-supported and may continue . The subprime mortgage crisis and subsequent nationwide drop in housing prices reduced the status of owning a home . Although it recovered to 63.9 percent from the 2016 trough of 62.9 percent , the homeownership rate is well below the 69.4 percent peak in 2004 . Multifamily housing starts have rebounded and now exceed the pre-crisis 300,000 annual rate level . That 's because Americans with weak credit scores , job insecurity , little money for down payments and worries of further housing price weakness rented apartments instead of buying single-family homes.Nevertheless , single-family housing , driven by first-time buyers , is reviving . Memories of the subprime bloodbath are fading and employment gains have been solid , even though real wage increases continue to be subdued . This year through October , new home sales rose 8.9 percent when compared with the same period of 2016 . Sales of houses in the $ 200,000 to $ 300,000 price range favored by new homeowners jumped 35 percent compared with October 2016 . Sold but not completed houses rose 30 percent in October from a year earlier . In a sign of demand , there is a 4.9-month supply of new houses on the market at the current sales rate , down from almost six months during the summer.The earlier rush to apartments drove up rental costs while weak house prices and falling mortgage rates reduced debt service as a share of income . So , it ’s now relatively more attractive to buy than to rent . The National Association of Realtors Housing Affordability Index is higher than in the early 2000s . This index is based on a family with a median income buying a median-priced house with a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage.Against this backdrop , the Senate tax bill leaves the mortgage interest deduction unchanged , the House version reduces it from mortgages of $ 1 million or less to $ 500,000 or less . But only 10 percent of those who deduct mortgage interest had annual incomes over $ 200,000 in 2009 and the average deduction was $ 6,650 . Also , high-cost houses are concentrated by geographic area , especially in California , as are incomes and mortgage interest deductions.Furthermore , of the almost 20 million mortgages originated from 2012 through 2015 , just 5 percent were larger than $ 500,000 , the cut-off in the House bill . About 2.8 percent of all mortgage loans and 7.7 percent of new mortgages exceeded $ 500,000 last year . Also , with the proposed doubling of the standard deduction , those taking the mortgage write-off would drop to 4 percent from 21 percent , according to the Tax Policy Center.Mortgages larger than $ 500,000 are geographically concentrated . National Low-Income Housing Coalition data show that in 39 states , the percentage of mortgages over $ 500,000 was less than 3 percent ; in 19 states , it was less than 1 percent . The 10 states with the greatest number of mortgages larger than $ 500,000 are , in order , California , New York , Virginia , New Jersey , Texas , Massachusetts , Illinois , Maryland , Washington and Florida . These 10 states accounted for 81 percent of the national total . California alone accounted for 45.7 percent . Burrowing further into the data , the share of mortgages larger than $ 500,000 was greater than 10 percent in just 48 counties -- 1.5 percent of the total . These counties accounted for 67.4 percent of all mortgages larger than $ 500,000 nationwide . Fourteen of the counties were in California and accounted for nearly 44 percent of the national total.It is possible that in order to get the backing of legislators from high housing-cost states , Congress will give them limits over $ 500,000 on mortgages whose interest costs can be deducted . Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac already have higher limits on mortgages they insure in expensive housing areas , giving borrowers access to lower-cost mortgage money than from private lenders . In 2009 , in response to the housing crisis , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac increased the limit on loans they insure from the nationwide standard of $ 417,000 for a single-family house to $ 625,000 in “ high – balance ” loan areas such as Southern California , the northern Virginia suburbs of Washington , D.C. , and New York City . There are 234 designated high-cost areas in the U.S. Bloomberg Prophets Professionals offering actionable insights on markets , the economy and monetary policy . Contributors may have a stake in the areas they write about . To contact the author of this story :	Housing Is Safe From Washington
LIVE Calgary More Streams Laura Seymour and her partner just moved into a new apartment in Calgary — not because they wanted to , but because they had to . They 're two of about 125 people who , until last week , occupied Kensington Manor . Residents of the seven-storey apartment building in the northwest community of Kensington were forced suddenly from their homes last Thursday evening after undisclosed structural issues affecting the entire building were brought to the attention of city officials . " It 's the worst nightmare scenario . It 's literally something you read about happening to people in Fort Mac when there was a fire … and you 're like ' oh my god I can never imagine being in that situation ' , " said Seymour . " And then suddenly you 're going from sitting on the couch to being in that situation . " Since their hasty evacuation and subsequent move into a new place , Seymour says she 's been rather depressed by her living situation . " We have two lawn chairs and a little one-foot tall Christmas tree I bought at the dollar store , " she said . " That 's all we have to our names right now . " Even walking through her neighbourhood is difficult for her . " I can see my home and I can see my stuff in my windows and I ca n't get it , " she said . What grinds Seymour 's gears about this situation the most is the way Kensington Manor 's property management company — National Equity Management — has communicated with residents . Seymour said they 've received two emails , but when she and other tenants have attempted to reach the company by phone , their calls have gone unreturned . " Their head office has not been very cooperative with us all , " she said . " They 've not responded to any of our phone calls over the past few days . " Don Lowe , president of North Equity Management , said everybody has his email and he 's already sent out two updates . Seymour said North Equity offered tenants $ 250 as a " gesture of goodwill , " but the funds have n't yet been made available . " A bunch of us have been asking if it 's been made available and nobody 's been responding , and then now they 're claiming it 's been available the whole time but their own people yesterday told me they were still working on it , " she said . " I really feel like it could be handled better by the people who did this to us . " A different experience Becca Gould , also a former resident of Kensington Manor and an employee at the Running Room , which operated on the ground floor for the last six-years , said her experience has been much more positive . " I 've been able to go back to the building and pack up my stuff , " she said . " I 've talked to the landlord there and he 's been nice enough to give me only 30 minutes each night to pack up my stuff because I 've been able to find a place to move to for three months . " Gould immediately moved into Sundance Apartments after it was offered up by National Equity Management to tenants from Kensington Manor . She said they even waived the damage deposit . That 's something Seymour — who chose not to stick with National Equity Management — has n't had the luxury of . " I was n't really prepared to come up with first month 's rent and a damage deposit and all the money to buy myself new socks , and toothpaste , and a shower curtain and all these expenses that have come up have just been astronomical , " she said . Gould agrees the money offered to tenants by National Equity Management — the $ 250 goodwill gesture and 25 per cent off November 's rent ( roughly $ 525 ) is n't enough . " No , it 's not , " she said . Lowe said technically " no one " is allowed in the building , but the city made it clear that due to the haste of the evacuation , if medication , textbooks or work-related items were needed , they could be retrieved on a limited basis . " The resident must be accompanied to and from the unit and should be out in about 20 minutes , " he said . Lowe added tenants need contact the building manager to set that up . Management looking for ' green light ' to start move outs In an email , Lowe told CBC News he met with the city 's safety codes officer and the building engineer Wednesday afternoon to confirm that once the shoring of the building is complete , and has been inspected by the city , former residents will be granted access to the building so they can retrieve their belongings . " If the city agrees to the above then our next task will be to coordinate the orderly move-out of 60 units in a seven storey building with one elevator , " he said . Lowe said the meeting was " very important " because if the city gives them the green light , they can begin the planning and logistics for the move-outs right away . Following the meeting Lowe said he believes tenants will be able to start moving out next Wednesday — but it was still being discussed . Shoring on schedule Dennis Terhove , supervisor of the city 's Safety Response Unit said shoring for the building has been ongoing since the evacuation . " Completion of that is still expected to be the end of next week , " he said , adding that shoring would need to be signed-off by the building 's engineer and a city inspector . Terhove said a city inspector is checking on the building and it 's shoring progress every couple days . As far as the original cause of the structural damage Terhove said it might never be known . " There 's always that possibility , I imagine , " he said . Terhove said charges are still possible if the city 's investigation finds fault . " But that 's just pure speculation at this point , " he said .	' The worst nightmare scenario ' : Kensington Manor tenant takes issue with property management 's communication
After years of bleak news from U.S. and European steelmakers , the industry is finally thriving again . ArcelorMittal , the largest producer , says it ’s more than just a blip . “ When things structurally improve they last longer than months , ” Chief Financial Officer Aditya Mittal said in an interview in Paris . “ It should be a multiyear phenomena . ” Steel prices and producers ’ shares are being buoyed by a rare combination of good news . Global demand is strong -- ArcelorMittal sees usage rising 3 percent this year -- and China , which has long been the cause of too much supply , is shutting plants to cut pollution . Nations have also strengthened trade defenses after China ’s so-called steel dumping became a political flashpoint.Chinese exports have dropped to the lowest since 2014 as the nation , which makes half the world ’s steel , closed outdated mills to reduce overcapacity and clean up the environment . Officials have also directed further cuts be enforced over winter in some key areas.Better demand and falling Chinese output prompted Credit Suisse Group AG in October to warn of a possible supply squeeze , something that was unthinkable just a few years ago . Liberum Capital Markets Ltd. expects Chinese shipments to drop sharply this winter and maybe move toward zero in the medium term.Still , Mittal , who has repeatedly called for stronger protection from unfair exports , said it ’s too early to know whether Chinese capacity cuts will stick . “ You really have to look at China on an annual basis , ” said Mittal , who is also head of the firm ’s European business and son of majority owner Lakshmi Mittal.As the top steelmaker in both the U.S and Europe , Luxembourg-based ArcelorMittal has been well placed to ride the recovery . The stock more than doubled in 2016 and is up 20 percent this year , and the firm is forecast to report its biggest annual profit in half a decade . The company cut debt almost in half in the last five years , including raising $ 3 billion from shareholders in early 2016 , and reduced costs by closing some plants . That should put the company in good stead should there be a fresh downturn . “ Even if some of the other factors weaken , I think what will remain are improvements that we ’ve made on both our operating business and on our balance sheet , ” the CFO said.Even during the downturn , the company kept making deals . It bought rival Thyssenkrupp AG ’s state of the art plant in Alabama and is awaiting European Commission approval to buy Europe ’s biggest steel plant in Italy.Deals are likely to continue , with ArcelorMittal looking at a joint venture in India , where the firm does n’t yet make any steel . It ’s also considering bids for two producers , Bhushan Steel Ltd. and Essar Steel , according to people familiar with the situation , who asked not to be identified because the matter is private . “ We continue to look for growth opportunities , but at the same time we remain very cognizant of our balance sheet as well , ” Mittal said , declining to comment on any interest in Bhushan and Essar . “ India is a growth market , it is a large country and it has good prospects for the steel business . ” Should the recovery continue , one big question is whether ArcelorMittal will resume dividends that it halted in 2015 . “ On investment grade we have made significant progress , and in terms of dividends they will on the board agenda in February , ” Mittal said . “ Our focus remains to further deleverage our business and then begin significant dividend resumption . ”	Steel 's Surprising Comeback Is Far From Over , Arcelor Says
The Palestinian president 's office warned Friday of the potential destructive effects of any move denying their claim to east Jerusalem as the capital of their future state.The statement comes as US President Donald Trump is due to decide by Monday on whether to move his country 's embassy from Tel Aviv to the holy city.The Palestinians see east Jerusalem as the capital of their future state and fiercely oppose any changes that could be regarded as legitimising Israel 's occupation and annexation of it.Without referring to Trump or the US by name , Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas 's spokesman Nabil Abu Rudeina said any just solution in the Middle East required recognition of east Jerusalem as the capital of an independent Palestinian state . " East Jerusalem , with its holy places , is the beginning and the end of any solution and any project that saves the region from destruction , " he said in a statement on the official Wafa news agency.Israel occupied east Jerusalem in the Six-Day War of 1967 and later annexed it in a move never recognised by the international community.No countries currently have their embassies in Jerusalem , instead keeping them in the Israeli commercial capital Tel Aviv.Trump is due to decide by Monday on whether to renew a six-month waiver on moving the embassy.He pledged during his campaign to move the embassy to Jerusalem but renewed the waiver in May.Reports emerged on Friday that Trump could again delay moving the embassy but recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.Trump has said he wants to relaunch frozen peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians in search of the " ultimate deal " Analysts say any major shift in US policy would make that goal more difficult to achieve .	Palestinians fire warning ahead of Trump Jerusalem decision
Ireland repeated Friday its demand for British guarantees over the post-Brexit border as EU President Donald Tusk sought a breakthrough on the key sticking point in the withdrawal negotiations.Tusk was due to meet with Prime Minister Leo Varadkar in Dublin on Friday afternoon , ahead of a Monday deadline by which the EU has demanded progress if Brexit talks with Britain are to move forward.All sides agree there should be no return to physical border checks between Ireland and British-controlled Northern Ireland after Brexit , which might upset the fragile peace in the region.But Dublin 's demand for written guarantees from Britain has proved an obstacle to an early agreement , threatening to delay the wider negotiations and causing tensions with London.Speaking to reporters ahead of Tusk 's visit , Foreign Minister Simon Coveney said his government was being " positive " , but added : " We 're not there yet . " Dublin wants " reassurance " that regulations on issues such as food safety and animal welfare would be maintained in Northern Ireland , to avoid damaging cross-border trade once Britain leaves the EU 's single market and customs union . " We ca n't be asked here to leap into the dark by opening up a phase two discussion in the hope that these issues might be resolved , " Coveney told BBC radio . - DUP threatens UK government support - A British newspaper reported on Thursday that the two sides were close to a deal that would avoid regulatory divergence between Ireland and Northern Ireland , even if the rest of Britain moved away from EU rules.The Times said this would involve devolving powers to the assembly in Belfast to allow them to keep similar customs arrangements to Ireland on agriculture and energy.But the pro-British Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) , the largest in Northern Ireland , reacted angrily to any suggestion of creating separate rules for the province.It warned that agreement on those terms would threaten its support for British Prime Minister Theresa May 's Conservatives , which keeps her minority government in power . " If there is any hint that in order to placate Dublin and the EU , they 're prepared to have Northern Ireland treated differently than the rest of the UK , then they ca n't rely on our vote , " DUP lawmaker Sammy Wilson told the BBC.Former Northern Ireland first minister Peter Robinson , a former leader of the DUP , called on Dublin late Thursday to stop interfering , saying : " In layman 's terms , the South needs to wind its neck in . " - ' Speculative ' border proposals - The British government says negotiations are continuing with Ireland , but its proposals for a solution were savaged on Friday by a committee of MPs , who warned that a " hard border " in Ireland seemed inevitable.London has suggested a new " highly streamed " customs arrangement using technology to reduce border customs checks , or a new customs partnership with the EU . " Our report concludes that we can not at present see how leaving the customs union and the single market can be reconciled with there being no border or infrastructure , " said Brexit committee chairman Hilary Benn . " Even by their own admission , the government 's proposals are untested and speculative . " EU leaders meeting in Brussels on December 14 and 15 will decide if there has been " sufficient progress " on the Irish border , Britain 's financial settlement and EU citizens ' rights to move to talks on to trade.A deal is close on the latter issues , but failure to make headway on Ireland would deal a major blow to Britain 's hopes of agreeing a new trade deal with Brussels before it leaves the EU in March 2019 .	Dublin repeats Brexit demands as Tusk seeks border deal
Today ’s rumors start with Kevin De Bruyne with news that Real Madrid have apparently “ registered an interest ” in the midfielder . claim a source close to the player has told them Madrid have been in touch with De Bruyne ’s agent Patrick De Koster . However , Zinedine Zidane ’s side look set to be disappointed , De Bruyne has apparently told them he has no interest in moving to the Bernabeu and is set to sign a new City deal . Yay ! City open talks over new Sterling deal Another player set to extend his contract is Raheem Sterling with City chiefs ready to begin negotiations over a new deal . According to Sky Sports , the club are ready to talk about his future even though his current contract does not expire until 2020 . Sterling has been in sizzling form this season with 13 goals already in all competitions . City and Arsenal both want Evans Meanwhile , those Jonny Evans to City rumors are refusing to go away , but this time there ’s a twist as Arsenal have apparently joined the fray . The Telegraph report that Pep still wants Evans , even more so now that John Stones is injured , although Real Sociedad ’s Inigo Martinez is also an option . West Brom , meanwhile , could be tempted to finally cash-in on Evans for £ 30 million as his contract expires in 18 months and he ’s unlikely to sign a new deal at the Hawthorns . Arsenal receive two Alexis Sanchez bids And finally today , we end with news that Arsenal have already received two offers for Alexis Sanchez , which may force Manchester City to move for the forward in January . City had wanted to wait until the end of the season , but with two “ unnamed ” clubs having already signalled an intent , do not want to risk missing out on the Chilean . This is all according to the Manchester Evening News who report City could now offer Arsenal £ 20 million for Sanchez in January .	Man City rumor round-up : Madrid want De Bruyne , new deal for Sterling plus Alexis Sanchez & Evans
( NO SPOILERS : I discuss premise not plot ) We are introduced to the Blade Runner world with this iconic opening title : This then begs the question … would human existence be better if replicants existed?But if replicant technology was possible then why would we just stop there?Why not make superiors , i.e. machines far more intelligent than humans?Then with replicants and superiors walking around … what purpose would humans serve if EVERYTHING we can do is done better by a machine ? “ More human than human is our motto . ” — Tyrell , CEO of TYRELL CORPORATIONThe truth is we would have no purpose!Now you may wish to smack me around , splash some water on my face , and tell me to calm down!But after we each take a deep breath I would ask you a simple question , “ Do you believe in god ? ” If you do then you could therefore argue that replicating the human spirit is a technological impossibility.But if you do n’t then creating human replicants is just a technological hurdle.And if it ’s a technological hurdle then it ’s not a matter of “ if ” but “ when ” { cue Blade Runner music } . “ Quite an experience to live in fear , is n’t it ? ” — Tyrannical ReplicantAnd there are a lot of smart people who say sooner rather than later.At the 2015 Puerto Rico Conference most of the A.I. researchers predicted that we will achieve human-level A.I. before 2060 . You can therefore call me a human supremacist because I believe humans must remain at the top of the pyramid so that we do n’t become obsolete at best and lab rats at worst ( interesting to consider how our evolutionary mother is the rat , hopefully A.I. would n’t treat us similarly ) . And to stay on top we must stop technology.Now you may call me a luddite , meaning someone who opposes technological “ progress ” . But then we are ALL luddites after a certain point . Do you think we should advance nuclear technology to the point where a bomb is powerful enough to wipe out an entire city and yet fit nicely inside a briefcase for the low , low cost of $ 24.95 ? And I do n’t think we should stop ALL technology , but I do think we need to be more cautious with technological progress in genetics , artificial intelligence , and weaponry.In these three areas , in particular , I think we will eventually have to reach a stopping point . Maybe not in this century , but maybe the next?The ultimate question therefore is “ When will we be satisfied ? ” I think part of being human is to want more and to experience the pain of not having it , which is why I think a bad question would be “ How can we stop suffering ? ” We should hope future generations experience pain and suffering because it builds character and appreciation , but hopefully not too much suffering . “ Pain reminds you the joy you felt was real . ” — ReplicantI think we can all agree that humanity has gone far enough with weaponry , we already have enough nukes to destroy the earth ’s total landmass multiple times over , but with genetics and artificial intelligence there is more of a gray because of the massive benefits they could offer humanity.I ’d like to see genetics cure aging , major diseases , and mass engineer meat so we do n’t have to kill animals for our source of meat . I ’d also like to see artificial intelligence enable driverless cars and eliminate global poverty , but beyond that I think we are good and could start to pull back the reigns.Because I do n’t want to see the top writer on Medium be R2-D2 or for my next girlfriend to be Siri.Granted , I have a surface-level understanding of genetics and artificial intelligence , but right now the conversation seems more focused on “ how can we brace for it ” instead of “ why should we let it happen ? ” Most individuals would agree that at a certain point they ’d be satisfied , but these technologies are not being advanced by individuals pursuing greater comfort . They are being driven by nations , corporations , and organizations jockeying for power . “ The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long . ” — TyrellAnd I do n’t blame any one of them.The political reality is that they have no choice because to be ahead in artificial intelligence by just a little bit could mean a massive change in global power.This is why we must change the political reality . There needs to be a global oversight committee , let ’s call it the Technology Bureau of Investigation , which could enforce regulation and 100 % transparency in weaponry , artificial intelligence , and genetics.I think this must be one of the great causes of our time and I ’m actually confident it ’ll happen { for reasons I ’ll explore more in my next article } , I just fear it ’ll take a terrible event to happen first because historically that ’s usually what ’s needed to bring people together . “ Dying for the right cause . It ’s the most human thing we can do . ” — ReplicantSo when I take the grand picture I am optimistic we wo n’t have a Blade Runner dystopia and I think , with a cautious approach to genetics and artificial intelligence , we may just create a little utopia.If you enjoyed reading this then you may enjoy watching : Gary Vaynerchuk vs. Elon Musk .	How to Stop a Blade Runner Dystopia
A weekly newsletter of great travel reads and news by James Clark from Nomadic Notes.Where I ’m AtWhere I ’m At : December , 2017 — Hanoi edition — www.nomadicnotes.com Where I ’m At : December , 2017 — Hanoi edition ; a monthly update of what I ’ve been up to , site news , and where I ’m going next.A map of the proposed Ho Chi Minh City Metro which is under construction . 6 metro lines , 1 light rail , and 2 monorails will make up this new Saigon transit system.Travel ReadsSorry , But This is What Iran in 2017 is Really Like — yomadic.com “ Touring through Iran is not like visiting Disneyland , but it ’s definitely safer . ” What Was Backpacking in Southeast Asia Like in the 1970s ? — southeastasiabackpacker.com “ Journeying on the Roof of Local Buses , Smoking Ganja while Airborne : Fascinating Q&amp;A with Ian Hunt , who Backpacked Southeast Asia in the “ Good ‘ Ol Days ” . ” Baghdad cafe marks 100 years as intellectual hub — www.channelnewsasia.com “ BAGHDAD : Seated at tables with glasses of tea in the heart of Baghdad ’s bookshop district , the customers of Shabandar cafe have watched 100 years of Iraq ’s tumultuous history pass by . ” A Social Media Guide To Taking Ethical Selfies In Low-Income Countries — www.npr.org “ You may think it ’s a noble idea to photograph yourself helping poor children in a faraway country . A new campaign has a different perspective . ” 17 Amazing Aerial Photos of Animals — www.nationalgeographic.com “ Aerial photographs reveal the beauty of wildlife in their natural habitat . ” A Photo Trip Along the Ancient Silk Road — www.theatlantic.com “ A journey along the historic Silk Road , traveling from east to west , from Xi’an , China , to Tyre , Lebanon . ” Mr. Money Mustache , UBER Driver — www.mrmoneymustache.com “ Mr. Money Mustache decided to go deep undercover in September 2016 , and sign up as a driver for both Uber and Lyft services . ” Airbus partners with Rolls-Royce and Siemens to build an electric airplane — electrek.co “ Battery technology improvements are expected to soon enable electric flight and companies in the field are preparing their powertrain technology to support it . ”“ Apart from the fact that I believe people who leave reviews must be suffering from some form of psychological derangement , here are the reasons why I will never recognise TripAdvisor . ”“ Microsoft ’s co-founder jumps into the billionaire space race with a plane to launch rockets . It ’s not just ego : There ’s a lucrative new industry up there . ” Southeast Asia RailwaysBattambang ’s famous bamboo railway — allpointseast.com “ A farewell to Battambang ’s famous bamboo railway in Cambodia . ” China seeks green light to get rolling on Thai ‘ train to nowhere ’ — www.scmp.com “ Belt and road project has been dogged by delays and mistrust on the Thai side ” Nomadic Notes PartnersNomadic Notes is partnered with the following sites . I use and recommend these travel booking sites when planning my travels.Book Accommodation : AgodaFind Flights : SkyscannerTravel insurance : World NomadsBooking via these links will not cost you extra , and they will help keep Nomadic Notes running . Thanks for reading!An updated map of the future Saigon Metro.Pho on the streets of Hanoi .	Travel Reads — December 1 , 2017 Edition
By Helena Williams NOTTINGHAM , England ( Reuters ) - Britain 's Prince Harry and his American fiancee Meghan Markle delighted cheering crowds who braved the cold on Friday to watch the couple on their first official engagement together . Queen Elizabeth 's grandson Harry , 33 , currently fifth-in-line to the throne , and U.S. actress Markle , 36 , best known for her leading role in U.S. legal drama " Suits " , announced their engagement on Monday , igniting a trans-Atlantic media frenzy . In the central English city of Nottingham , Harry and Markle , both wearing long navy overcoats , greeted hundreds of smiling well-wishers waving British and U.S. flags , chatting and shaking hands with onlookers who braved freezing weather to welcome them . " We love Harry , and Meghan she looks beautiful does n't she , " Betty Parker , 78 , told Reuters as she waited to meet the couple . " We 're so happy for them both , " Mary Cooper , 60 , said . " We always come and see him whenever he comes here and it ’s lovely that he keeps coming to Nottingham and has sort of adopted this city . " The couple were visiting a charity fair to mark World Aids Day , something particularly symbolic for Harry whose late mother Princess Diana is credited with playing a leading role in breaking down the stigma that was attached to the disease . The event , held by the Terrence Higgins Trust , remembers lives lost to HIV and marks the progress made in fighting it . Harry has become a prominent campaigner on the issue , following in the footsteps of Diana who opened Britain ’s first HIV/AIDS unit in London in 1987 and famously shook hands with and kissed an AIDS patient during a hospital visit . Afterwards , the couple were visiting Nottingham Academy to meet headteachers from local schools and hear about the Full Effect programme , an initiative supported by the charity of Harry , his elder brother Prince William and wife Kate , which seeks to deter children from becoming involved in violence . Markle , who has been a campaigner for several causes including work as a U.N women 's advocate , is to give up her previous charity roles as she begins life in Britain 's royal family , Harry 's spokesman said on Tuesday . She was also keen to travel around Britain to get to know the country that will become her home as she intends to become a British citizen , the spokesman added . The couple , who got engaged earlier this month at the cottage they share in the grounds of Kensington Palace in central London , are to be married next May in St George 's Chapel at Windsor Castle , the family home of British kings and queens for almost 1,000 years . " This is good . I 'm excited to have some Americans in the royal family , " U.S. student Mark Arnold , who is currently studying at Nottingham University , told Reuters . " It ’s really nice , I ’m excited . "	Prince Harry and fiancee Markle take their first official walkabout
Antoine Griezmann is flourishing once again thanks largely to his partnership with Kevin Gameiro , according to Diego Simeone . The Atletico Madrid boss has seen star forward Griezmann rediscover his shooting boots over his last two appearances , having previously gone more than two months without scoring for his club . His dry spell , which covered all competitions , ended on November 21 when he found the net in a 2-0 Champions League win over Roma . The France international followed that up with a double in a 5-0 thrashing of Levante last week , with Gameiro – whose start to the season was delayed by a groin injury – scoring a brace in that match , having also netted versus Roma . Simeone plans to keep searching for the best solutions to get the best out of Griezmann , but acknowledged he looks more comfortable alongside Gameiro . Speaking ahead of Saturday 's LaLiga contest with Real Sociedad , he said : " He is much better , much more immersed in the type of football which he has been accustomed to with us . STATSAntoine Griezmann has participated in 50 % of our team ’s goals in the last two editions of the @ChampionsLeague #UCL #AtletiChelsea pic.twitter.com/Yx 3EtzzOvF — Atlético de Madrid ( @atletienglish ) September 27 , 2017 " He needs a reference . He did well with [ Fernando ] Torres , and with Gameiro . We hope to be able to look for the best combination of forwards so he can feel more comfortable . " The numbers speak for themselves . Gameiro 's partnership with Griezmann has been marked by the numbers over two years . Surely Griezmann feels more comfortable with Gameiro , I do not say this , the numbers say it and they do not lie . " Atletico have won four of their past five in all competitions , with the other fixture a hard-earned goalless draw with rivals Real Madrid , and Simeone believes having Gameiro available has made the difference . " Since the beginning of the season , the work has been good but the presence of Gameiro in the last matches gives us speed and precision in attack , " he added . " It coincides with the best moment of the best player of ours , who is Griezmann . With them on the pitch , the team has the possibility of improving . The defensive work was always good . "	The numbers do n't lie - Gameiro helps Griezmann flourish , says Simeone
It ’s not that I ’m not that handy , I swear . I can fix stuff . Heck , I ’ve got tools . Mostly because my father has been sending them to me since I was sixteen , saying , “ Someday you ’re going to need these . ” It ’s true at times he was right . When I was in a past relationship I was the one doing all the fixing around the apartment , now maybe it was n’t always up to code but it worked out . Cabinets are kind of loose , no problem ; sink is being funny , I got it , computer-television-playstation 3 is giving us issues , forget about it . However in the new relationship I ’m in with a lovely dame who happens to be a tall-drink-of-water with legs for days , I was to learn that my way of fixing things was n’t exactly going to be up to her code , and that would n’t do.Winter is cold , there ’s no doubt about that . We could definitely feel it in the shoebox apartment we call home . It had been a month or so into winter and with the head of our bed near the window we were sick of the draft kissing our ears in the morning . It was time to do something about it . So we journeyed to Target to look at some options to help us heat up our pad . We already had a space heater to help out the old furnace so we knew another one would n’t help with our draft problem , and we had decided that the way we had all the furniture laid out , including the bed was the best Feng shui way to have them . We picked up an insulator kit , the : 3M Indoor Window Insulator Kit-Five Window , current retail value of $ 11.89 at your local Target or online . The tools that were needed , I had . The instructions located on the back , simple to follow . I had this.So we got home and took out the materials . I got on the bed and took down the curtains and curtain rod . I looked at my girlfriend and said , “ No problem hon , watch your guy do some manly stuff . ” She rolled her eyes , “ Alright , Tool Time ™ s Al Borland . ” “ Al ? Al ? Who does that make you , Tim ? ” I wondered at this Home Improvement reference . I began slapping the sticky stuff up on the window sill so as to get it ready for the plastic to go up . I myself thought I was doing a bang-up job , I mean the task was easy enough . Put up the sticky stuff on the borders of the window sill , put on the plastic and blow dry the sucker till its tight and voila , no more draft . Turns out I was dead wrong . My girlfriend gave me an incredulous look and said , “ Get down . I have to fix this . You ’re driving my OCD nuts . ” Okay she did n’t say the OCD part , but it ’s probably true . She proceeded to get on the bed and align everything as straight as the ruler of God himself , it was beautiful , I may have even shed a tear . Then she put on the plastic nice and smooth and I got to help blow dry . In the end we were both happy , no more draft and heck I got out of doing some housework . Do n’t tell her I said that.Later at a dinner with my family I regaled them with this tale . After dinner my grandmother proceeded to tell a story on how she plastered the walls and fixed the sink in the downstairs bathroom when the handy man could n’t even figure it out . My grandfather pulled me aside and said , “ Now you know how I feel . ” Which to me can only mean I ’m in for trouble . Till the next adventure . Adieu .	My Girlfriend : Tim Allen ?
Hello Community!Pre - Sale is live ! 60 000 000 NST-Tokens will be distributed during the Pre-Sale . Please note , that we do not send any E-mails with Smart Contract Address . In In Order to participate in our public Pre-Sale , please follow this link : https://nousplatform.com/icoHow to participate?Please , enter Amount of ETH and press the button “ Buy Tokens ” Please , enter your credentials and your valid ETH Wallet address and press the button “ Continue ” Please , read , confirm and accept all our terms and policies and press the button “ Continue ” Then the Contract Contribution Address will be shown on the screen.Public Pre-Sale DetailsMin : 0.01 ETHDate Start : 30.11.2017 11:00 am UTCDate End : 25.12.2017 6:59 am UTCMax . Token Supply : 60 000 000 NSTRate : 1 ETH = 8000 NSTCurrency : ETH onlyGas Limit : 200 000Warning ! Please use the wallet , which you control ! DO NOT USE your cryptoexchange ETH wallet address or ETH address created with Ethereum client with no access to private key.Token Contract Settings : Warning ! Token Smart Contract address is NOT for the contribution , please do NOT send ETH to this address , if you want to contribute , please go through the form on our website : https://nousplatform.com/icoTo see NST in your myetherwallet , metamask , etc. , please use : Token Smart Contract : Symbol : NSTDecimals : 18Thank you !	Nousplatform Public Pre-Sale is Live !
Daisy Ridley has teased Carrie Fisher 's ' Star Wars ' alter-ego General Leia Organa will survive until the end of ' Star Wars : The Last Jedi ' . The 25-year-old actress portrays mysterious Force-wielding orphan Rey - who made her first outing in 2015 's ' The Force Awakens ' - and following the tragic death of Fisher last year , fans have speculated how her iconic character will be written out of the movie.But now it appears that General Leia could actually survive until the end of the eighth movie - leaving it up to JJ Abrams to deal with her death in ' Star Wars : Episode IX ' . Speaking to Glamour magazine , Ridley said : " The last thing Carrie and I filmed together was emotional for a variety of reasons . " It 's the end of the film , and all of this crazy stuff has happened . There 's a moment that we share , and thinking about it now , I realise that it 's going to be really hard to watch . " Because it will seem like a goodbye , even though it was n't at the time . You know , she and I went through a similar thing at different times [ as ' Star Wars ' heroes ] . She had the most insane life . " Filmmaker Rian Johnson - who has helmed the eighth movie - also recently revealed he did n't have to change the story following Fisher 's death.He said : " We did n't end up changing a thing . Luckily , we had a totally complete performance from her . " ' The Last Jedi ' also features ' Star Wars ' legend Mark Hamill as Jedi Master Luke Skywalker - who was seen briefly in ' The Force Awakens ' . Other cast members include John Boyega ( Finn ) , Adam Driver ( Kylo Ren ) , Oscar Isaac ( Poe Dameron ) , Lupita Nyong ' o ( Maz Kanata ) , Gwendoline Christie ( Captain Phasma ) , Anthony Daniels ( C-3PO ) , Andy Serkis ( Snoke ) and Domhnall Gleeson ( General Lux ) who are all reprising their roles . ' The Last Jedi ' hits cinemas this December .	Daisy Ridley teases Carrie Fisher could survive in Star Wars : The Last Jedi
Every major casino resort company in the world is eyeing the potential opening of the Japanese market and seeing dollar signs . Estimates of Japan 's casino-gaming market range from $ 25 billion to $ 40 billion , which would make it the No . 1 or No . 2 market out of the gates . Given the potential , casino companies are pulling out all the stops to win a license , promising to spend up to $ 10 billion in the region . Melco Resorts ( NASDAQ : MLCO ) is the latest to make its interest in Japan known publicly . CEO Lawrence Ho announced that Melco has established a division in Japan and has said it will move its headquarters to the country if it wins rights to build there . But it 'll have to face competition from Las Vegas Sands ( NYSE : LVS ) , MGM Resorts ( NYSE : MGM ) , Wynn Resorts ( NASDAQ : WYNN ) , and Genting , which all have established casino resorts in Asia . Melco Resorts 's Japan play Ho 's initial quote in Melco Resorts ' press release shows how he views a resort in Japan : It 's still early days in the long road ahead to a potential IR in Japan . So while some details may change along the way , what absolutely will not is this : We will do in Japan what we have done since our very first day , what we have delivered in Macau , the Philippines and Cyprus : build with local partners , invest in extraordinary world-first architecture and design , create sophisticated entertainment experiences , and embed state-of-the-art technology into everything we do . It 's not a surprise that local partners , entertainment , and an integrated resort are part of the plans . That 's par for the course in the industry at this point . What 's notable is the " state-of-the-art technology " aspect of Melco Resorts ' plans . Ho said that " The City of The Future , " as the Japan project is currently known , will include a biometric intelligence system that will track players and safeguard against " potential gaming-related social issues . " He has also offered to give the Japanese government " back-end access to and data-sharing with these systems free-of-charge , " a nod to the unease some citizens and lawmakers have about allowing casino gambling in Japan . The access would be unprecedented , but if it 's what it takes to win a bid potentially worth $ 10 billion or more to a casino operator , it could be worth it . A lot of work ahead in Japan It 's likely Japan will license resorts in the country in the next year , given the current legislative trajectory , but there are also a lot of unanswered questions . Companies do n't know how many licenses will be allowed initially -- current speculation is two , with resorts in Osaka and Yokohama -- and we do n't know what rules or financial structure will surround a resort . If locals are limited to a certain number of visits or tax rates on gambling are too high , it could reduce the financial opportunity . But those rules are n't even written right now , so there 's no point in speculating what the economics would look like . What we do know is that every casino resort company is serious about Japan 's potential as a gambling market . Melco Resorts is willing to move its headquarters there , and Las Vegas Sands has said it will spend $ 10 billion or more to build in Japan . MGM and Wynn Resorts have also made their intentions to build in Japan clear . This could be the biggest battle over a casino gaming license the industry has seen since Singapore opened up to gambling in 2010 . Las Vegas Sands and Genting were the two winners and have incredibly profitable resorts operating there . Japan could be an even more sought-after opportunity than Singapore was .	Melco Resorts Makes Japan Its No . 1 Priority
Black Friday is past . So is Cyber Monday . But it 's not too late to buy one of the best Christmas gifts of all -- biotech stocks . Even if your family and friends might prefer other kinds of presents , you could always treat yourself to a nice , shiny biotech stock with great growth prospects . I think there are three biotech stocks , in particular , that look like good picks . Here 's why bluebird bio ( NASDAQ : BLUE ) , Celgene ( NASDAQ : CELG ) , and Novavax ( NASDAQ : NVAX ) should be great biotech stocks to buy in December . Bluebird Bluebird is , by far , the biggest winner of the three so far in 2017 . The biotech stock has soared more than 170 % so far this year , pushing Bluebird 's market cap up to close to $ 7.7 billion . Many clinical-stage biotechs only have one pipeline candidate attracting the most attention from investors ; Bluebird has at least three . The company 's lead candidate is LentiGlobin . This lentiviral-based gene therapy is being evaluated in late-stage studies targeting treatment of transfusion-dependent β-thalassemia ( TDT ) , a severe genetic disease that causes patients to undergo blood transfusions throughout their lives to survive . Another candidate , Lenti-D , is the subject of a phase 2/3 study for treatment of cerebral adrenoleukodystrophy ( CALD ) , a very rare and potentially fatal genetic disease . However , it 's an earlier-stage pipeline candidate that has generated much of the excitement for Bluebird this year . The biotech reported very promising results for its experimental CAR-T ( chimeric antigen T cell ) drug bb2121 at the American Society of Clinical Oncology ( ASCO ) conference in June . The drug delivered a 100 % response rate among multiple myeloma patients in the study . What 's especially impressive is that these patients had tried ( and failed ) with a median of seven other drugs before receiving bb2121 . So why buy Bluebird in December ? The biotech presents additional data for LentiGlobin and bb2121 on Dec. 10 and Dec. 11 at the American Society for Hematology ( ASH ) . These presentations should once again rev up investors about Bluebird 's potential . Celgene Celgene also stands to benefit from Bluebird 's success with bb2121 . Last year , the big biotech exercised its option for an exclusive license to the promising drug . But the prospects for bb2121 are n't the main reason to take a look at Celgene . Through early October , Celgene stock was on a roll . Then the bottom fell out . Investors panicked after late-stage autoimmune disease candidate GED-0301 failed , the company missed revenue expectations on headwinds for Otezla , and it lowered the outlook for full-year 2017 and for 2020 . Warren Buffett once said , " Be fearful when others are greedy . Be greedy when others are fearful . " I think his advice is definitely applicable for Celgene right now . Even with the setback for GED-0301 and the changing dynamics for Otezla , the biotech 's growth prospects are impressive . Celgene remains on track to grow revenue by a compounded annual growth rate of 14.5 % and adjusted earnings per share by 19.5 % through 2020 . The steep decline in Celgene stock recently has resulted in the biotech 's shares trading at less than 12 times expected earnings . That 's a bargain valuation for a biotech with Celgene 's strong product lineup and pipeline candidates . Buying in December would lock in what I view to be one of the best deals on the market . Novavax Last up is the small-cap pick of the group -- Novavax . The biotech 's market cap stands below $ 450 million . That 's higher than it was earlier this year , with Novavax stock gaining a little over 10 % so far in 2017 . The company expects to provide an interim data analysis from a late-stage study of its RSV F vaccine in 2018 . Admittedly , the vaccine disappointed in another late-stage study in older adults . The current study , though , targets maternal immunization of infants . There 's certainly a possibility that Novavax fails again , but I 'm cautiously optimistic on the chances for the vaccine in immunizing infants . There 's another reason , however , to buy Novavax stock in December -- preferably early in the month . Novavax should announce results from a phase 1/2 clinical study of its experimental influenza vaccine NanoFlu in immunizing older adults by the end of the year . If those results are positive ( and my best guess is that they will be ) , the company plans to begin a pivotal late-stage study in 2018 . Best pick ? Novavax stands to gain the most if things go well with its clinical studies . I even think there 's a reasonable chance that the stock could double next year . However , it 's still a highly risky stock to buy . My optimism could very well be misplaced . Bluebird also faces some risks . A setback for LentiGlobin , Lenti-D , or bb2121 would cause the stock to crash . The best pick of these three , in my opinion , is Celgene . Sure , Celgene has risks as well . It could have more pipeline problems , for example . But I think the stock is already dirt cheap and the market is n't adequately valuing the prospects for blood cancer drugs Revlimid and Pomalyst plus Celgene 's rich pipeline . Celgene has been one of my favorite biotech stocks for quite a while . The attractive price tag offered right now makes this one an especially smart pick for December .	3 Biotech Stocks to Buy in December
FIFA president Gianni Infantino on Friday sought to distance football from any suspicions of the widespread doping in other sports that has cast a cloud over World Cup hosts Russia.Russia have been stripped of a third of the medals they won as hosts of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi and last week a ban on the country taking part in international athletics was upheld by the sport 's governing body the IAAF.Next Tuesday , the International Olympic Committee will meet to decide whether to ban Russia from the 2018 Winter Games in Pyeongchang , South Korea , over allegations that it ran a state-sponsored doping programme for years.But Infantino claimed that the level of testing in football is sufficient to show that the game is largely clean . " I do n't think there are many other international sports organisations who are doing as many anti-doping tests as football is doing , with FIFA , UEFA or national associations , in and out of competition , blood , urine , biological passports , " Infantino said during a press conference in the Kremlin in Moscow ahead of the 2018 World Cup draw . " Professional players in top teams play 50 or 60 matches every year . They are tested , I do n't know how many times every year . " If you would have a serious doping issue in football this would be known by now , whether in Russia or any other country of the world . " Russia 's Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Mutko , who is also in charge of the World Cup organising committee , has been implicated in the doping allegations.That led to a question to Infantino asking how Mutko could feasibly keep his World Cup position if the IOC decision were to go against Russia . " As far as I and FIFA are concerned , the answer is simple , it will have no impact , " said Infantino with Mutko sitting alongside him . " I do n't , and FIFA does n't , participate in any speculation about any situation . " Insisting that the sport 's world governing body will come down hard on anyone found to be in breach of anti-doping rules , he added : " So far all the tests we have conducted -- be it at the World Cup in 2014 , at the Confederation Cup , the Euros , in club competitions -- have been negative . " And these tests are not carried out in Russia . All the tests have been carried out outside Russia , by non Russians . " It will be the case in future too , and if it turns out anyone has committed a rule violation , or doped , then there will be sanctions . "	Doping not a big problem in the sport , says Infantino
It is said that you never forget your first love or lessons attached to that experience . I agree . It ’s not because I do n’t have an absolutely magnificent husband now , I do . However , I experienced many firsts with “ Austin ” that I will never forget just because they were well … first.With him I had my first kinda date ( It was on the porch ) . My first kiss ( that too was on the porch ) . The first time a male outside of my daddy told me that they loved me ( yup , told me at midnight on the porch ) . Among all those firsts , one stands out that I will remember forever . It ’s when I truly learned what Christmas was all about and indirectly learned a skillset that I now use as a CEO.The relationship between Austin and I became pretty-strained one year in the months before Christmas . My dad finally let us off the porch , but Allen and I did n’t spend as much time together as I thought we would . He would cancel dates and would n’t take the initiative to schedule time together . Missing him , missing us … caused tit-for-tat arguments and rifts that we would n’t otherwise have . We were still together so to speak . Not one day went by when we did n’t talk or he did n’t make sure that I had anything I needed.Now , as Christmas drew closer , I knew I would get him a gift because it was the “ right ” thing to do . Its the thought that counts , they say . But honestly , I did n’t give much thought to what I got him . I think it was a sweatshirt and hat . Not that I had much to work with , but it was that un-memorable . He came over Christmas morning and I gave him my gift . He was so excited ! He put on the hat right away ( he loves baseball caps , I do remember that ) and hugged me and thanked me.Then he reached in his pocket and pulled out a box . It was wrapped so extravagantly . I did n’t know what it was , but I knew it was SPECIAL . I could tell by the sly look in his eyes and in the way he handed it to me . A hush fell in the room from my siblings and parents who were literally two feet away ( well at least we were n’t on the porch ) . I sat in the floor and opened a gorgeous , delicate gold bracelet-styled Wittnauer watch . At that moment , it became the most expensive thing I had ever owned . I could n’t say a word . Tears welled up in my eyes . I had n’t asked for a watch or anything else for that matter , so it was n’t that . It was n’t really the gift at all . Suddenly , everything we had gone through that season made sense . I realized in the weight of that moment , that all the times he was telling me no , he was working , saving and sacrificing for that watch . All the haircuts he could n’t get , the gym shoes he did n’t buy , the restaurant we did n’t go to and the movies we could n’t see were sacrificed to create THAT VERY MOMENT . What made the watch special was what it cost him . Not in money , but in sacrifice . Given where he worked at the time , I know it cost him all he had and that sacrifice was indicative of how he felt about me . I will never forget it.What does this have to do with entrepreneurship ? EVERYTHING . There is a new “ CEO ” born every minute . New gurus , with menial experience and even less practical application are popping up in your feed hourly . Am I right ? They are charging top dollar without cause and more importantly without sacrifice . What I have learned is , that if I want to make “ Wittnauer Watch ” moments for my clients there has to be a cost on MY end , before there is a cost on their end . How dare I charge them 1500.00 for a package that has n’t been proven , documented , data analyzed and above all , FAIR . Every product you offer should have gone thru trial , error and then weighed by what it costs you to deliver it . I ’m not talking about the interest rate on those student loans that you have racked because of your degrees , or what it cost to promote on your website . I am talking about REAL costs , like … … the cost of failure … the cost of wisdom … the cost of skill … the cost of experience … the cost of recognition … the cost of triumphs and moreWhen clients see what I give them , share with them , help them with , handle on their behalf and fix for them they need to know that that skill came with a price . They should know that the strategy , book , class , package , speech or project that I offer is priceless , precious and that when they receive it , it ’s real , it ’s transparent and it ’s all I have . … make the sacrifice now so your can make game changing , life altering moments for your clients in the future . — cdjListen , instantaneous and assumed stardom without proof is perpetually side eyed now . Crowning yourself “ king ” without warrant , cause or cost is no longer acceptable . Even if you have to disappoint someone temporarily , understand that the goal is to make the sacrifice now so your can make game changing , life altering moments for your clients in the future . Now , you can stop where you are now are give the customary “ baseball cap ” kinda service . Or you can take a step back , gain more wisdom , get mentored , up your grind , dig in on your work , put in the extra time , give up frivolous things and EARN what ’s necessary to give a Wittnauer type experience . Its NOT just the thought that counts , its the sacrifice and sacrifice looks different for each individual . Sacrifice is quite frankly at the root of the true Christmas story . The depth of the eventual sacrifice is why that story is STILL being told today.Its been over 30 years since that Christmas with Austin and its just as vivid to me today as is was then . THAT type of moment is what I want for each and every client I engage . I continue to pay the price to be like Austin was that day . I have learned to sacrifice more , give from the heart and in turn become valuable and yes , unforgettable . ### Camille D. Jamerson is a global speaker , author &amp; entrepreneur . She is the Senior Consultant and CEO of CDJ &amp; Associates a boutique management consulting firm . She is also the CEO of Camille &amp; CO. a lifestyle brand set to launch in 2018 ! As a former AA , EA , Chief of Staff and Head of Global Offices she lends her years of experience and expertise as the founder and admin of the LinkedIn Chief of Staff-The New C-Suite Leader group.Her amazing assistant , Reema handles her wacky calendar and about 76 – 94 % of the rest of her life as well . Reema can be reached at info@cdjandassociates.com to book CDJ for consulting or as a speaker for your next event , conference or workshop !	Its not always the thought that counts : A Christmas lesson in Entrepreneurship
As I was walking in the early afternoon , I noticed a patch of grass-like fingers shooting up from the otherwise well trimmed lawn . It did n’t take more than the blink of an eye for the country girl in me to realize what it was.Chives!I investigated the rouge plant colony . Four little bunches of them clustered together , steadfast and glorious , living rebelliously in the little green space between the road and the sidewalk . I thought of Leonidas and his 300 , and in some strange way this little cluster of chives started to scream out AROO AROO AROO.The spartan herbs intrigued me mostly because in the land of the well groomed and maintained , there they were , hiding in plain sight . I live in the 2nd wealthiest county in the US ( the first wealthiest is right next door ) , and I guess even the affluent are n’t bothered by stray clumps of plant.Or maybe its because we are on the cusp of winter and no one really cares what their lawn looks like , because they are battling a ceaseless barrage of dying tree foliage , smothering their hard earned lawns . The futility of stuffing dead leaves in bags has always baffled me , but then , I grew up in the flat lands where a swift fall wind swept away leaves , lingering summer warmth and unattended kiddy pools in a single bout.I did n’t think twice when I reached down and plucked a handful of the chives . I sniffed them mmmmmm garlicky . I was momentarily a little 7 year old farm girl , discovering from Mom that the extra long grass was actually fantastically edible.There I stood , daydreaming about my old Midwestern life , while standing in the suburbs of DC , clutching tight to a handful of spartan chives . I might have looked crazy , but more than likely no one noticed . Everyone is so wrapped up in their own little split level biomes , they do n’t have time to wander why a basic white girl in yoga pants and a hoody is digging around in the grass.Nevertheless I walked valiantly home , with my well earned prize . It was n’t my fault that suburbanites did n’t know the difference between crabgrass and herbs . I ’m sure many of them spent $ 3.99 a pop at Whole Foods for the same “ weeds ” growing in their very own lawn .	Leonidas and his Chives
Pep Guardiola has been asked to explain his version of events to the Football Association ( FA ) with regards to the post-match incident involving the Manchester City manager and Southampton winger Nathan Redmond on Wednesday . Guardiola approached Redmond on the field immediately after Premier League leaders secured a dramatic 2-1 win over Saints – Raheem Sterling 's 96th-minute winner prompting wild celebration at the Etihad Stadium . As Redmond headed towards the tunnel , he was confronted by an animated and gesticulating Guardiola . The former Barcelona and Bayern Munich boss told reporters afterwards that he was merely telling the 23-year-old how much he admired him as a player – a version of events Redmond corroborated with a statement issued via his Twitter account on Thursday . Nevertheless , the FA has sought observations from Guardiola and the 46-year-old must provide a response in writing by Monday , December 4 . At this stage , there is no misconduct charge levelled against Guardiola , whose side host West Ham in the Premier League on Sunday . Redmond went public on the matter after an article in The Sun newspaper accused Guardiola of aiming foul and abusive language towards him and insisted the Catalan 's " intense and aggressive " approach was wholly well-intentioned . " I want to make it absolutely clear that the Man City manager , Pep Guardiola , did not say what The Sun is falsely claiming in this story , " he wrote . " Yes , he was very passionate , intense and aggressive , but he was only very complimentary and positive to me . " He commented on my qualities as a young English player and how he wanted me to attack his team more during the game in a similar way to last season . " I told him I was doing what my manager had asked me to do in the game . That 's it . Nothing more , nothing less . " Nothing negative or offensive was said towards me from Pep and that 's what makes him one of the best managers in world football . " Losing the game the way we did in the last kick of the game after working so hard for 90 + minutes , I was very disappointed . But when one of the world 's best managers compliments you or gives advice in any way , you listen . " Guardiola , who will address the media later on Friday to preview the game with West Ham , explained his frustration with Southampton 's defensive approach in midweek persuaded him to approach Redmond , who opened the scoring in a 1-1 draw at the Etihad Stadium last season . " Last season he destroyed us here , " he said . " I did n't know him last season , I realised how good he is . " [ On Wednesday ] he could not attack because they defend all the time , but that is what it is . " Guardiola has previous in terms of animated on-field encounters , most famously with Joshua Kimmich after his Bayern Munich team drew 0-0 with Borussia Dortmund at Signal Iduna Park in 2016 .	Guardiola asked to explain Redmond incident by FA
RAFA BENITEZ will look to throw a spanner in the works on his return to Stamford Bridge as Chelsea will look to make six wins a row against Newcastle . The Blues picked up all three points against Swansea thanks to Antonio Rudiger 's header , while Newcastle drew 2-2 away from home to West Brom in their last outing . ReutersChelsea vs Newcastle - Prediction , betting tips and odds Victor Moses To Get An Assist – 10/1 Chelsea to win 3-1 - 9/1 I CAN see exactly why Newcastle have to go to Chelsea and sit deep . But I know first hand the issues that this can cause , particularly against a team with the pace and skill of Antonio Conte 's side . When you drop deep , you end up playing more narrow . That 's just the way it is . 💰 How to claim your FREE £ 30 bet 💰 2 Bet £ 10 or more 3 Sun Bets will stick a £ 30 bet in your account So I can see Victor Moses and Marcos Alonso , if they play , getting plenty of space out wide . The middle will be crowded but Chelsea have the talent to shift it out wide . And Moses in particular , as a forward-thinking player who started his career in attack , will love to get forward and make use of the gaps . That 's why I can see Moses getting an assist in a 3-1 win . By Danny Higginbotham What time is kick-off ? This match will take place on Saturday , December 2 . The game will be held at Stamford Bridge . Kick-off is at 12:30 pm . What TV channel is it on and can I stream it ? There is good news for those fans that are unable to get to the Bridge to watch the action live . Sky Sports ' Premier League and Main Event channels will be screening the clash . And you can join us on the SunSport live blog for all the latest updates from the match .	Chelsea vs Newcastle United : Prediction , betting tips , odds , team news and live stream for Premier League clash
( Bloomberg View ) -- It ’s hard to say whether the dysfunctional state of American diplomacy is more the result of the president ’s mistrust of his secretary of state , or the secretary of state ’s mismanagement of his department . The U.S. and the world may be about to find out.If Donald Trump replaces Rex Tillerson with someone he trusts more -- the president is reportedly considering CIA director Mike Pompeo -- then the State Department may have more leeway to use the instruments of soft power that U.S. diplomacy needs to succeed . But restoring the department ’s influence in Washington , and strengthening Washington ’s in the world , will require a leader more adept than Tillerson.To be fair to Tillerson , having Trump as your boss is not easy . The president ’s incendiary tweets have routinely contradicted stated policy . Trump ’s outsourcing of policy to family members has left Tillerson fumbling for purchase in the Middle East and elsewhere . Trump ’s initial distrust of the nation ’s diplomatic establishment was fanned by acts of public resistance by its rank-and-file . And the department 's high vacancy rate is partly attributable to Tillerson 's admirable resistance to naming White House loyalists . But Tillerson can count himself among his own worst enemies . His gung-ho prosecution of the administration ’s ill-considered 30 percent budget cut to his department has alienated employees and his supporters in Congress . So has his ill-defined plan for reorganization.If Tillerson is indeed heading out the door , whoever takes his place needs to lead the department , not decimate it . Diplomacy is essential not only to finding out what 's going on beyond U.S. borders , but to communicating and advancing U.S. policy around the globe . It should always be the first resort for resolving disputes.And with all due respect to the president , whether it ’s negotiating trade agreements or springing Americans from overseas jails , he 's not the only one who matters . He may be America 's chief executive , but he ca n't be everywhere at once . That 's why he needs to nominate his ambassadors for places such as South Korea , Egypt and Honduras -- to name just three trouble spots without even a nominee ( there are 43 others ) . That ’s why he needs a fully staffed , well-run State Department.It may well be that Trump ’s grace period for any Tillerson successor will be similarly short . The president deserves to have a secretary of state he trusts . The Senate , in turn , has the right to judge the nominee ’s qualifications . By now , however , one thing should be painfully clear to the White House and Congress alike : The interests of the country are not served by a State Department that is demoralized and in disarray . -- Editors : James Gibney , Michael Newman To contact the senior editor responsible for Bloomberg View ’s editorials : David Shipley at davidshipley@bloomberg.net . For more columns from Bloomberg View , visit http://www.bloomberg.com/view.©2017 Bloomberg L.P.	The State Department Desperately Needs a Leader : Editorial
The 32 nations headed to next summer 's FIFA World Cup have learned their group fates , sparking over six months of dissection , analysis and prognostication ahead of the opening kick on June 14 at Moscow 's Luzhniki Stadium . The draw at the Kremlin determined the eight groups , from which the top two teams will advance to the knockout stage . Defending champion Germany is among the favorites , vying to becoming the first team to repeat since Pele 's Brazil did in 1958 and 1962 , but it will have to contend with a tough group . Host Russia was given a relatively simple draw and will open the competition against Saudi Arabia – the lowest-ranked team in the world aside from the host nation . The most intriguing opening game in group play will be in Group B , where Cristiano Ronaldo 's Portugal will face 2010 champion Spain . The most difficult and balanced groups on first glance appear to be Group D and F , but there does not appear to be a definite Group of Death , unlike in 2014 . Here are the eight groups for the 2018 FIFA World Cup : GROUP A 1 . Russia 2 . Saudi Arabia 3 . Egypt 4 . Uruguay The draw is a sweet one for Russia , though Uruguay and Egypt can pose problems for the hosts . The opening game of the competition will feature the two lowest-ranked teams in the field . GROUP B 1 . Portugal 2 . Spain 3 . Morocco 4 . Iran Portugal and Spain is a tasty opener , but both should feel confident of going through from this foursome . GROUP C 1 . France 2 . Australia 3 . Peru 4 . Denmark Can Peru make some noise here ? The two European nations will be the favorites to go through , but Ricardo Gareca 's Peru side will be a popular sleeper to reach the knockout stage . GROUP D 1 . Argentina 2 . Iceland 3 . Croatia 4 . Nigeria There are no easy games in this group , but there 's something awesome about Argentina and Messi opening up against the world 's darling , Iceland . Remember , Iceland finished ahead of Croatia in its qualifying group , and Nigeria just beat a Messi-less Argentina in a recent friendly . GROUP E 1 . Brazil 2 . Switzerland 3 . Costa Rica 4 . Serbia Can Costa Rica go on another deep run ? Brazil is surely the favorite to get out of this group , but after outlasting England , Italy and Uruguay in 2014 , this is a relative cakewalk for Los Ticos . GROUP F 1 . Germany 2 . Mexico 3 . Sweden 4 . South Korea The defending champions will open up against El Tri and it wo n't be that much easier after that . This is a deep group , but Germany and Mexico should feel confident of going through – though the runner-up may have to face Brazil in the round of 16 . GROUP G 1 . Belgium 2 . Panama 3 . Tunisia 4 . England Belgium and England will feel mighty confident about their chances of going through here . GROUP H 1 . Poland 2 . Senegal 3 . Colombia 4 . Japan Poland was the Pot 1 team , but there 's a case to be made that Colombia is the favorite in this group , though you 'd be unwise to sleep on Sadio Mane-led Senegal .	World Cup Draw : Full Group Results for Russia 2018
Honda Motor Co. and Ford Motor Co. reported bigger U.S. sales gains than expected for last month as Black Friday promotions and year-end discounting lured buyers into showrooms.Deliveries of cars and light trucks jumped 8.3 percent for Honda and 7 percent for Ford , which was buoyed by the best November since 2001 for its F-Series truck line . While sales slipped for General Motors Co. and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV , both reduced shipments to fleet customers like rental-car companies that are typically discounted.Car manufacturers have cranked up incentive spending to clear inventory that ’s built up on dealer lots as they wind down the first year of shrinking demand since the recession . Automakers have had more leeway to offer big rebates and cheap financing because buyers have been snapping up more sport utility vehicles and trucks , which usually start at higher prices than passenger cars that have fallen out of favor among consumers . “ November and December over the last few years have become a very big merchandising window for the industry , ” Mark LaNeve , Ford ’s U.S. sales chief , told analysts and reporters on a conference call Friday . Across the industry , spending on incentives increased by $ 300 to $ 400 per vehicle last month , he said . “ From a discipline standpoint , even though it ’s moved up , transaction prices moved up along with it . ” Industrywide , November sales probably ran at about a 17.3 million annualized rate , analysts estimated in a Bloomberg survey . That ’s down from last year ’s 17.7 million pace and slower than the blistering clip of the past two months , but would still mark one of the better months this year . GM estimated an industry selling rate of 17.4 million for the month.Targeted Deals “ The basic economic fundamentals are sound and support new-vehicle sales , ” Michelle Krebs , an analyst with car-buying website Autotrader , said by phone . “ Incentives were up for the month , but they were targeted at specific vehicles or even specific customers . So they are maintaining discipline . ” Volkswagen AG ’s combined deliveries for its VW and Audi brands rose 3.4 percent , narrowly missing estimates . While the German luxury brand has recorded 83 straight record sales months , demand dropped for all VW models except the new Atlas and Tiguan SUVs.SUV SurgeHonda beat analyst projections thanks to sales surges of 57 percent for the Pilot and 25 percent for the CR-V . Ford said Explorer deliveries jumped 25 percent , notching the best November result for the SUV in 13 years . More than a quarter of the company ’s deliveries were to fleet customers in the month , up from a year earlier . For GM , Cadillac sales tumbled 13 percent and the GMC truck and SUV brand had an unusually weak month , with deliveries dropping 5.8 percent . Fiat Chrysler has reported monthly declines in U.S. sales for 15 consecutive months as it ’s curbed shipments to rental-car fleets . — With assistance by John Lippert	Honda , Ford Use Black Friday Deals to Beat U.S. Sales Forecasts
Bitcoin rebounded on Friday to hit the day 's highs above $ 10,500 , recovering from an earlier dip below $ 9,500 , after the U.S. derivatives regulator said it would allow CME Group and CBOE Global Markets to list bitcoin futures . The announcement by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) paves the way for CME and CBOE to become the first traditional U.S. regulated exchanges to launch trading in bitcoin-related financial contracts , a watershed moment for the cryptocurrency that could lead to greater regulatory scrutiny . Bitcoin , which had been trading at around $ 10,150 on the Luxembourg-based Bitstamp exchange before the news , jumped to as high as $ 10,513 in the 20 minutes that followed , leaving it up more than 5 percent on the day . It has been a volatile week for the biggest and best-known cryptocurrency . On Wednesday , bitcoin smashed through $ 10,000 before rocketing past $ 11,000 less than 12 hours later to an all time-high of $ 11,395 , and then plunging around 20 percent in the hours that followed .	Bitcoin Rebounds to $ 10,500 After US Regulator Approves Futures
LONDON , Dec 1 ( Reuters ) - The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( EBRD ) is expected to add India to its growing list of members , two years after China joined , sources at the development bank said.A formal application from India is expected within " days , weeks maximum " , one source told Reuters . A second source confirmed this.If admitted , India would become the 69th shareholder of the EBRD which has expanded its reach considerably in recent years.A spokesman for the bank said directors at the London-based EBRD had been formally told of India 's plans at a board meeting this week . " The next step would be to wait for a formal request from the Indian authorities ... and the final decision will be taken by our Board of Governors , " the spokesman said.India - like China - will only be providing rather than receiving money with its new membership . It may , however , benefit indirectly through EBRD projects or if Indian companies invest alongside the bank.The bank was set up in 1991 to help former Communist states build their economies after the Cold War.As well as its eastern European heartland , the bank now invests in Mongolia , Turkey , economies affected directly or indirectly by the Arab Spring such as Morocco , Egypt , Tunisia and Jordan , as well as euro zone crisis countries Greece and Cyprus .	Development bank EBRD expected to add India to sprawling membership
Hello Reader , Liquidity is one of the many aspects in finance that brings attention of every individual to one place . It is also another of those vital issues that keeps investors on their toes as it is quite a testing time for investors to get hold of this liquidity.However today , we are not here to discuss the issues of liquidity regarding the usual currencies instead , we are here to get to know about a answer for actually bringing crypto liquidity in place.Crypto Liquidity : - Yes , of course you read it correctly that there is crypto liquidity and this is the solution to all the issues related to the crypto currencies . Many of the investors and people who have been a participant of ICOs or the initial coin offering or the crypto currencies then you would know as to how troublesome it becomes at times to get hold of exchanges.It is this fact that caused the birth of STeX or the Smart Token Exchange platform . Therefore , it would be in the best of interests that you are aware of the facts that relate to this STeX and why has it become the talk of the town ; or rather we can term Smart Token Exchange platform to be the talk of the world of crypto currencies.Know What Is STeX Or Smart Token Exchange and How Can It Be HelpfulAs you read it the name is Smart Token Exchange or STeX for short , so here the meaning of STeX is that you get to use a platform that has been solely dedicated to the world of exchanges . But it is going to be only for the crypto currencies or cryptic currencies . On the other hand , these crypto currencies are known as the digital assets that have now — a — days become like a raging fire.Here some of the examples of cryptocurrencies can be Bitcoins , Ethereum , DASH , Litecoin and many others . So , when you are in possession of these coins it becomes necessary sometimes to trade those coins . And till now you may have had met with cryptocurrency exchanges that were able to exchange only a couple of crypto currencies.But when there is STeX round the corner you do not have to worry about any single thing because it is through STeX that you would be able to trade for more than 10 , 000 coins at one place that too without any kind of a hitch . In addition , you would also be able to make sure of the fact that you are one of the many recipients of the 100 percent dividend distribution . Thus , you can see for yourself that there are many advantages when you join hands with STeX.ICO StagesIt is also best if you are aware of the facts related to STeX ICO or the initial coin offering because it is through this that you will have idea of what are the next steps in the process to get one of the best things in the world . To help you understand things in a better way you can check this article below on the important dates that you should know before you go anywhere else.Latest Updates on Extension of ICO Stage 1 : - After seeing at the response of the way things went with STeX , it was high time for the partners to take a call at the way things are going on . And that is why they came up with the thought of extending the deadline of ICOs or the Initial Coin Offering.As per the latest news on STeX ICO , you would get some more time to participate in STeX . This change of facts is due to the extension of duration of the STeX ICO Stage 1 . So , this new date is said to be till the 10th of December . However , there are also chances of closing down this ICO stage 1 and such a condition may come true when soft cap of the STE reaches 50 , 000 , 000 . However , there are some more discussions going on with ICO platforms , so that distribution of tokens begins from the 15th of December . As a matter of fact , it would be better if you keep updating yourself on the latest news of STeX ICO as this will be very important for making decisions at the end.For More Information Please Visit : - Information Source → Website , WhitepaperAll Image Source → Website , Whitepaper	ICO Stages of the Smart Token Exchange Program Extension
Awards season is officially underway , and so far it ’s off to a great start ! The New York Film Critics Circle Awards honored Girls Trip breakout star , Tiffany Haddish , with the Best Supporting Actress Award for her role in the successful summer comedy ! In addition to Haddish , Jordan Peele continued his streak of wins with Best First Film honors from the NYFCC , and the Dee Rees directed film Mudbound walked away with the Best Cinematography award.Haddish has become one of the most sought-after comedic talents in television and film , so this award is no suprise . She recently starred on The Carmichael Show , as well as the Universal Pictures hit film Girls Trip ( mentioned above ) , alongside Queen Latifah , Jada Pinkett Smith and Regina Hall . Up next , she will be starring alongside Tracy Morgan in his upcoming comedy series The Last OG , created and executive-produced by Tracy Morgan and Jordan Peele.Her other film credits include Meet the Spartans , Keanu , Racing for Time , and The Janky Promoters . Her television credits include recurring roles on If Loving You Is Wrong , Real Husbands of Hollywood , and New Girl . She was an early standout since first appearing on Def Comedy Jam , Bill Bellamy ’s Who ’s Got Jokes ? and Comedy Central ’s Reality Bites , and will soon be joining Kevin Hart and Yvonne Orji in the upcoming comedy Night School . Haddish is also set to star in New Line ’s upcoming film The Kitchen , and in Universal ’s upcoming film The Temp.Check out the complete list of awards winners below!Best First Film : Get Out , Directed by Jordan PeeleBest Foreign Language Film : BPM ( Beats Per Minute ) , Directed by Robin CampilloBest Nonfiction Film : Faces Places , Directed by Agnes VardaBest Animated Film : Coco , Directed by Lee Unkrich and Adrian MolinaBest Cinematography : MudboundBest Supporting Actor : Willem Dafoe , The Florida ProjectBest Supporting Actress : Tiffany Haddish , Girls TripBest Actor : Timothée Chalamet , Call Me by Your NameBest Actress : Saoirse Ronan , Lady BirdBest Screenplay : Phantom Thread , Paul Thomas AndersonBest Director : Sean Baker , The Florida ProjectBest Picture : Lady BirdTiffany Haddish	Tiffany Haddish Receives Best Supporting Actress Award at New York Film Critics Circle Awards
The Student ’s Guide to New Year ’s Resolutionsby Dr. Jeffrey GardereIf you ’re like most students , you sometimes feel overwhelmed between classes , exams , internships , family obligations , etc . As we look forward to a New Year , if properly executed , New Year ’s resolutions might actually help you improve and step up your game as you balance the demands of college and life . But like everyone else , sticking to your resolutions may be extremely difficult . Here are some tips to help you establish — and stick to — New Year ’s resolutions that will allow you to succeed in your studies and in life.Make studying more efficient • Instead of setting lofty goals , be more precise as you increase your study time . First , measure an average day of study . How many hours did you put in a day ? Because of classes or other obligations , some days will be more than others . Now simply increase that time by one more hour each day . It is important to keep a running record per day . If you can accomplish that additional one hour per day , then you have reached your goal and can increase it the next week by 15 or 30 minutes per day until you meet your ultimate study time . • Determine your major distractors , such as Facebook , Twitter , etc. , and reduce those . Cut back 30 minutes per day , and then an additional 30 minutes per day in the next week . • Figure out your optimum and most supportive study space and try to utilize that space more often . Maybe you need a homey , relaxed space . Others may find a library more conducive to their study needs.Improve class attendanceWith the advent of the flipped classroom ( lectures on video ) , many students feel less of a compulsion to come to class . However , the benefits of attending class and discussing topics with your professors and fellow students are invaluable . Plus , you are learning how to be on a team and developing your people skills ( required skills in the workplace ) . • The best strategy to increase your attendance is to be excited about coming to class . You can accomplish this by finding a group of like-minded students that you can meet for breakfast , lunch or dinner to discuss class materials and even social happenings . • Find a spot in class and a seat where you feel most comfortable . Many students arrange a circle of nearby friends where they can be in contact for talk and discussion . • Bring healthy snacks such as water and granola bars or fruit so you feel hydrated and can also satisfy your munchies . This will give you the energy to sit through class.Importance of sleepThis one is easy . No matter how many ways you spin it , you need at least seven hours of sleep for maximum learning efficiency . If you ’re a medical student , the reality is that if you can get six hours of sleep , you are doing great . • Set your phone or watch with an alarm that tells you when you must go to sleep and when to wake up . Obey the device . • Before going to sleep , stay away from computers , tablets , phone , and TV screens . The light will inhibit melatonin production which causes us to get groggy and fall asleep . • When you wake up in the morning , open the shades , turn on the lights immediately and even get to that computer to check out the news of the day . Play your favorite music to get you excited about a new day . It fires up the synapses for clear thinking , and stops melatonin production so you will be less sleepy and more alert.Exercise and Healthy EatingThe benefits of exercise and healthier eating for managing stress are limitless . The following are some practical techniques for making these important lifestyle changes : • Put together a group of friends / students who want to work out at least three times per week . This makes it social and fun . Among the group , find someone who is more adept at exercise , who can lead the group at better exercise techniques . • Time is limited for students so make your work outs no more than 30 minutes per session , with minimal breaks . • Instead of going to a health club , which may add on to your exercise time , utilize the school gym . • Play your favorite music during your workouts with alternating DJ ’s among your group . People take pride in their taste in music . • Try not to make any drastic eating changes such as becoming a pescatarian , vegetarian or vegan in one fell swoop . That takes time . Instead look at improving your eating habits as a terminal goal or a gateway to becoming a vegan , etc. • Once again , the support of like-minded individuals is important for support and reinforcement , not to mention lifestyle . So get a group of friends and go shopping together for healthy food , fruits , and vegetables . You can serve as each other ’s conscience to keep from buying junk food . • Allow yourself some cheat time to eat something that is n’t exactly healthy , but you can have as a reward for healthy eating throughout the week.Finally , understand that when making New Year ’s resolutions , you ’ll sometimes mess it up . That ’s normal . Do n’t give up . Instead re-assess , modify the strategies , and keep moving forward to meet your goals ! Here ’s to a successful 2018 ! Dr. Jeffrey Gardere , is a psychologist and professor at Touro College of Osteopathic Medicine	Dr. Jeffrey Gardere , is a psychologist and professor at Touro College of Osteopathic Medicine
In 2014 , a few days after she took over as chair of the U.S. Federal Reserve , Janet Yellen admitted that she could not fathom the " very worrisome " trend of weak wage growth for American workers . Now , as she nears the end of her four-year term , the problem remains a mystery , and not only in the United States . In many countries , more people are in work than before the global financial crisis as the world economy racks up its strongest growth since 2010 . But pay , which would normally rise more quickly as employers compete for staff , is rising painfully slowly for many . The living standards hit has big implications , fueling the frustration of many voters who have dealt stinging rebukes to establishment candidates in elections around the world , most notably the victory of U.S. President Donald Trump last year . And if the pattern does n't change soon , it 's likely to take its toll on many of the world 's advanced economies in 2019 just as they finally emerge from the hangover of the financial crisis , the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development says . U.S. data due on Friday is expected to show another solid month for job creation in November but more attention is likely to be on workers ' earnings which showed the weakest rise in a year-and-a-half in October , up by an annual 2.4 percent . That 's an improvement from growth of less than 2 percent as recently 2015 but before the financial crisis , American wages were growing by as much as 3.6 percent a year . The weak wage numbers raise big questions about how fast inflation is likely to pick up - it has undershot the Fed 's target for more than five years - and how many more interest rate hikes the U.S. central bank is likely to make in response . The Fed is widely expected to raise rates for the third time in 2017 on Dec. 13 and investors are more on edge about what message it will send about its plans 2018 . If wage growth is weak in the United States , the picture is bleaker for workers in many other countries . In Britain , workers are facing the prospect of nearly two lost decades for earnings growth , taking inflation into account , according to new official forecasts . For OECD economies overall , real wage growth is projected to remain moderate , barely picking up speed over the next couple of years , the Paris-based organization says . Andrew Milligan , head of global strategy at Aberdeen Standard Investments in Edinburgh , said there were signs that some U.S. employers were starting to raise their pay . U.S. retailer Target Corp said in September it would increase its minimum hourly wage this year by a dollar to $ 11 and to $ 15 an hour by the end of 2020 . " But the uptrend is very gentle , " Milligan said . Economists think the cause of the global earnings slowdown , at least in part , has to do with escalating competition in the world economy , and the rise of giant online corporations such as Amazon and Uber , which is squeezing many employers . Yellen has said she thinks America 's tight labor markets will ultimately lead to rising prices . But her successor Jerome Powell , who replaces her in February , has yet to show how convinced he is . While the Fed is likely to have to wait longer than its meeting in December for signs of a sustained pickup in pay growth , it will have a good sense of the fate of President Trump 's plans to cut corporate and individual taxes which have the potential to speed up growth and inflation more quickly . Politics are key to the economic outlook in Europe too , especially with the Brexit negotiations entering a key phase . British Prime Minister Theresa May is due to meet European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and his chief Brexit negotiator , Michel Barnier , in Brussels on Monday . After long-awaited signs of progress on key issues such as the size of Britain 's Brexit divorce bill , sterling has risen in recent days , hitting a two-month high against the U.S. dollar . If Monday 's meeting is deemed by Brussels to have produced sufficient progress , then EU leaders could give a green light to trade talks at a summit on Dec. 14-15 , reducing the risk of a chaotic British departure from the bloc . Britain 's economy is growing more slowly than most of its European peers and investors are watching for signs that the euro zone recovery can keep up its recovery . Hetal Mehta , an economist at Legal &amp; General Investment Management , said German factory orders data on Wednesday would give a forward-looking signal of whether exporters are continuing to cope with the rise in the euro currency .	Jobs Galore but When Will Wages Finally Pick Up ?
Why do n’t more agencies , brands and advertisers pay attention to sound and music ? All too often , they are afterthoughts , pushed to the last minute and misused . We all intuitively know just how deeply and primitively it effects us .41 % of consumers find sound to be “ a central element of brand communication ” ( Lindstrom , 2007 ) . So why is it so often neglected or taken for granted ? Advertising professionals interviewed in the groundbreaking study Strike A Chord for Radiocentre , in collaboration with neuroscience researchers at Goldsmiths University felt that music ” can be annoying … ” , is ” rather subjective and personal ” and lacking ” a formal process for development ” ( Radiocentre , 2015 ) . Why is it important to have an audio strategy for brands and advertising campaigns?Often , questions like these arise : What ’s the percieved personality of the brand , and how does that translate into sound ? What does ‘ innovation ’ sound like ? Which areas and touch points already feature sound ? Audio branding is a way of thinking and a process that tends to force marketers to carefully consider how the brand sounds to the world . The process inevitably leads to considerations about the very essence of the brand , and potentially making some important , far-reaching decisions . If audio branding is avoided , as often happens , the effect is what Colleen Fahey described in her 2017 article Defining Your Audio Brand Strategy as ” multiple brand personality disorder ” — a confusing , intrusive mish-mash of sounds that could potentially annoy rather than captivate the audience.So I invite you to participate in some mindful strategy to bring order to the chaos : content marketing is all the rage ; yet only a few brands consider the power of using music as an integral element of content . A good example of music used in content marketing is when Telekom launched a whole website and magazine called Electronic Beats dedicated to electronic music , a much-loved genre in Germany . Also , Red Bull is famous for their Media House ’s use of music , and their Music Academy — a platform of workshops and festivals for fostering creativity in music . These are strong trust building methods , but also very expensive initiatives . Likewise , it ’s just as possible for B2B , educational institutions and smaller companies to integrate music with their branding and marketing efforts . Simply considering the reasons of why to use one soundscape or strategy as opposed to another does n’t have to be expensive.Since the use of music in branding and content marketing is a multifaceted area , starting the process is best done by nailing down a clear strategy . What ’s the difference between tactical &amp; strategic use of sound and music ? An audio brand strategist analyses the brand , the use of audio in the wider sector , the target market , finally creating audio ‘ mood boards ’ with different musical expressions of the brand ’s core values . This detailed analysis allows for the development of audio brand guidelines , offering greater quality and consistency in the use of audio over time , cementing a form of ‘ brand audio DNA ’ in consumers ’ minds.Conclusions from Strike A Chord showed that not only is music a very powerful tool for brands , the strategic use of it increased likeability , familiarity , but most dramatically how well the music was percieved to fit the brand . This was measured in consumer test subjects using a combination of EEG response and giving ratings on a 4-point scale . Another 2008 study by Leicester University showed that music that was closely aligned with a brand ’s identity was 96 % more likely to be remembered by the consumer , compared to brands with a lesser ‘ musical fit ’ . Findings from this years study by HUI and Soundtrack Your Brand , confirmed this by showing that restaurants which consistently played music that fit the brand increased overall sales on average by 9.1 % . Using random popular songs yielded the opposite effect.On the flip side , the tactical use of music , when music was only used as a one-off solution or a mere support piece , was measured to be even less effective than using no music at all . Not all sound is music , and proper product sound , sound design and choices of speakers in ads is just as important as the choice of music . Sound appears in more instances and touch points than we ’re often aware of , whether intended or not ( see TicTac ) . When certain details are not thought of strategically , the pre-conscious psychological effect on consumers can be difficult to anticipate and sometimes illicit negative responses.One example of a seemingly good product sound idea is Samsung ’s whistling five-note ringtone , which has recieved far from a positive response over the years , with some users commenting ” Most irritating ringtone ever . ” This does n’t always have to be a bad thing , since the increased response may actually have benefited Samsung overall , but it ’s worth some consideration.The ” wrong ” kind of music can turn into noise . Sound is increasingly washing over us throughout the day . It imposes its way into our perceptions , sometimes pleasantly but often adversely . This makes the choice of music a tricky one . Just as important as picking the right style , is anticipating when music will serve as more of an irritant than an enhancer of content . There ’s a reason why most Facebook videos are viewed in silent mode , and so we have to be careful not to overdo . Interestingly , the use of silence is one of the most important considerations when working with audio branding . Simplicity , the often-uttered phrase ” less is more ” applies here too , just as with visual branding . Too many impressions can confuse and dilute the intended effect of the message . Thus , for example Whirlpool ’s dedication to noise-reduction technology in their washing machines , lowering home noise levels , may coincidentally be a very good audio branding idea.Analysing the essence , promise , the characteristics of a brand , or at the very minimum the underlying message and intention of a particular campaign or marketing effort , gives us a better idea of choosing music for the right reasons — potentially yielding a profound psychological impact on the recipient.Wondering how to approach strategic thinking with music ? Visit http://www.makewaves.se/en — we are always happy to talk about this!At Make Waves , I work with brands to develop sound concepts and music for campaigns and spots as well as comprehensive audio branding guidelines.Sources : Lindstrom , M. ( 2005 ) . ‘ Brand Sense’Radiocentre . ‘ Strike a Chord ’ Research ( online ) ( 2015 ) . : Fahey , C. ‘ Defining Your Audio Brand Strategy ’ ( online ) ( 2017 ) . : Fahey , C. ’12 Audio Branding Do ’s And Do n’ts ’ ( online ) ( 2017 ) . : North , A. and Hargreaves , D. ‘ The Social and Applied Psychology of Music ’ ( 2008 ) . Leicester University.Soundtrack Your Brand . ‘ The Impact of Music in Restaurants ’ ( online ) 2017 ) . : https://www.soundtrackyourbrand.com/lp/hui	Why a Strategy is Important with Audio Branding
“ I ’m hard of hearing . You ’ve got to look at my face so that I can lip read you ” , he said as he grabbed my elbow.The nurse had just told me that his Blood Pressure reading was 220/120 ( mm Hg ) and I had looked away from him for just a moment to glance at the other vital signs she had recorded . I quickly turned back towards him and noticed that he was diaphoretic and his speech was very pressured.In the next few minutes , I would learn that besides being hard of hearing , he also suffered from bipolar disorder and hypertension . He was on chronic lithium and anti-hypertensive medications but since hurricane Maria — he had been rationing his medications . “ Your blood pressures are running very high . I would like you to go to the hospital ” . I said . “ I do n’t need that , Doc — I know what is going on . It is like Christmas inside my head . I took 300 mg of lithium last night and I have been walking all night . I took another 600 mg of lithium this morning . I need to get some rest , doc . I just need to sleep ” . “ You will get the rest that you need in the hospital . And you will feel better . Please come with us … we will drive you to the hospital ” , I pleaded . I knew the stress-inducing past few days had likely triggered a manic episode in this man . And the same stress that was triggering a manic episode was also making him hypertensive . He was not taking his medications as prescribed because he was not sure when he would get his next refill . “ I can not . My sons , my wife , my elderly parents … they need me here with them . Do you have anything to help me sleep ? ” he asked again . I did n’t . He thanked me profusely for volunteering and for caring so much about people of Puerto Rico and he left the building.I wish I could have convinced him to go to the hospital and get the quiet his manic brain needed . I wish I could have assured him that he would get his lithium refilled at the pharmacy when he wanted it . I did explain to him that rationing lithium or his blood pressure medications was not a good idea , but I was n’t able to guarantee a supply of the medications when he needed it . He thanked me though , thanked me for coming to Puerto Rico and for being there for his people . I was taken aback by his generosity of spirit . While I was upset that I was not able to convince him to go to the hospital or provide him timely access to his medications , he was grateful — just for our presence.That made me wonder — what were we really there to provide ? Often times during medical missions when I feel helpless , I am forced to reflect on this . For this patient — just the fact that I listened to him and recognized that he needed the quiet and offered the hospital as a resource was enough . He did not have to accept it and I was not going to force him to . I acknowledged his insight into his condition and respected his decision and he was grateful.We as Physicians and healthcare providers are not always able to cure all the ailments that we see . In fact often times all that we have to offer are just a listening ear and a willingness to align our medical care goals to their needs — and that is enough.I did pray for him , prayed that he got the rest and the sleep his brain so desperately needed and I still think of him at random moments like this .	An ear and a prayer
Big businesses that lease co-working space at WeWork generated $ 250 million this year in revenue . These companies make up 25 percent of WeWork ’s total $ 1 billion annual revenue as well as 30 percent of new monthly revenue , according to WeWork . And the number of corporate or enterprise customers — those with 1,000 or more employees — has doubled from last year to over 1,000 . WeWork said overall monthly sales have grown 250 percent from Jan. 1 to Dec. 1 and have helped the company with record expansion , but it did not provide new monthly sales numbers . This quarter alone , WeWork will add 36 new locations — including in Toronto , Miami and Seoul — more locations than it opened in all of 2015 . Twenty-three locations are opening today for a total of 200 locations globally . Corporate clients , who rent huge blocks of desks and even whole floors or whole WeWork locations at a time , have also allowed WeWork to open new locations more fully rented than before , WeWork ’s chief growth officer Dave Fano told Recode . “ Larger companies have more visibility into their pipeline — they know what they will need and where , ” he said . “ They ’re one of the things enabling our growth . ” Due to the lag time from leasing a building and renovating it to become a WeWork location , most of these new additions were commissioned before SoftBank infused the startup with $ 4.4 billion in cash , Fano said . Thanks to the investment , the company expects the recent level of growth to increase or even accelerate into the first quarter of 2018 . WeWork , which bought IRL social network MeetUp earlier this week , now has 175,000 individual members worldwide , up more than 40 percent since July .	WeWork doubled its big corporate client base this year , which generated $ 250 million in revenue
ISTANBUL ( AFP ) - Istanbul police have detained 62 foreigners suspected of having links to the Islamic State group in overnight raids , Turkish media reported Friday.Police have launched almost daily operations against IS cells across the country following concerns hundreds of alleged IS members have crossed into Turkey from Syria.The suspects were detained during raids on 12 addresses in eight districts of Istanbul , the privately-owned news agency Dogan said.They are suspected of providing financial support to fighters in " conflict zones " , with the authorities opening deportation proceedings against them , it said . Earlier this month , Dogan said nearly 800 alleged IS members had illegally crossed into Turkey from Syria , though it did not say over what period.Police detained 634 IS suspects last month , according to interior ministry figures.Over the past two years , Turkey has suffered a series of attacks blamed on IS , one of which targeted a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year celebrations , leaving 39 people dead . IS gunman Abdulgadir Masharipov , who was born in Uzbekistan and confessed to the attack , will go on trial this month.There are concerns that those foreigners who have fought in Syria or Iraq will pose security risks on their return home as IS loses significant territory in the two countries.At least 5,600 people , residents of 33 countries , have returned home , the Soufan Centre , a nonprofit security analysis group , said in October.Prime Minister Binali Yildirim on Friday claimed Turkey had stopped a total of 50,000 " foreign fighters " although he did not say over what period . This figure is believed to include those who have been blocked at Turkish airports . He also said Turkey had caught 5,000 IS suspects .	Istanbul police detain 62 foreigners over alleged IS links
U.S. diplomats have dropped plans for President Donald Trump to conduct a visit to Britain in January . Trump had been penciled in for a “ working visit ” in the first month of 2018 to formally open America ’s new London embassy . Relations between Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May recently deteriorated in a public spat after Trump retweeted anti-Muslim videos from a far-right British group . Meanwhile , the Senate delayed a vote on its proposed tax bill until today . And the White House plans to force out Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson and replace him with CIA director Mike Pompeo . Economic adviser Gary Cohn and other White House staff may be headed out as well . [ The Telegraph ] Early Uber investor Shervin Pishevar has been accused by several women of making unwanted sexual advances . The co-founder of Sherpa Capital , Pishevar was arrested in London in late May after a woman accused him of raping her ; he was “ released under investigation ” and never charged . And Russell Simmons , founder of hip-hop music label Def Jam Recordings and CEO of Rush Communications , is stepping down from his companies in the wake of an accusation of harassment and sexual assault . [ Emily Chang / Bloomberg ] Pinterest ’s president and top business executive , Tim Kendall , is leaving the company to build his own health-care startup , which will focus on fighting device addictions , like an obsession with a phone or laptop . It ’s a big loss for Pinterest — Kendall oversees Pinterest ’s entire business operation , and the company had been expected to begin the IPO process sometime in 2018 . [ Kurt Wagner / Recode ] Meal-kit company Blue Apron , which went public in late June , has replaced its co-founder and CEO , Matt Salzberg . Stepping in is the company ’s CFO , Brad Dickerson , who joined Blue Apron in February of 2016 after 11 years at Under Armour , where he was CFO and COO . The company ’s stock performance has been the worst of any major company that has gone public this year — its $ 10 a share opening price has dropped to around $ 3 . [ Jason Del Rey / Recode ] Cruise , the self-driving division of General Motors , has hired a former Uber engineer as its first CTO as it prepares to deploy a network of self-driving cars without safety drivers starting in 2019 . AG Gangadhar previously headed the Uber unit that Susan Fowler used as an example in her damning essay about toxic workplaces ; Fowler has criticized the appointment . [ Johana Bhuiyan / Recode ] Spotify and Tencent are planning to swap equity stakes ahead of planned IPOs next year . [ The Wall Street Journal ] Uber ’s new chief legal officer tells staff : If you are surveilling people for competitive intelligence , stop it now . Here ’s the memo . Changes with Facebook ’s algorithms could be hurting it , too . Ginkgo Bioworks , “ the organism company , ” is now worth more than $ 1 billion . It ’s the latest unicorn incubated by Y Combinator . Trump ’s tech foes won big in Virginia ’s election . Now they ’re focusing their cash and attention on 2018 . Reid Hoffman spent $ 3 million , Ron Conway is newly investing and tech engineers are emboldened to fight . Artificial intelligence does n’t have to be evil . We just have to teach it to be good . There ’s a pressing need to find a moral compass to direct the intelligent machines we ’re increasingly sharing our lives with . Do teens care about “ fake news ” ? Kara Swisher ’s son Louie returns to the Too Embarrassed to Ask podcast : “ My English paper is more important than collusion . ” This is cool Twitchy without your smartphone ? The Substitute Phone was designed to help you with your cravings for swiping and scrolling .	Recode Daily : Trump ’s controversial visit to the U.K. has been canceled
After five years , the NCAA ’s Committee on Infractions finally issued a ruling in Ole Miss ’s recruiting scandal on Friday morning . The core penalties , per a source close to Ole Miss : An additional bowl-ban year ( 2018 ) . Because of that total two-year bowl ban , NCAA rules give Ole Miss seniors the freedom to transfer elsewhere without sitting out a season . Probation running concurrently with current probation for a total of four years . Financial penalties , added to self-imposed sanctions , and totaling $ 179,000 . A total scholarship reduction of 13 over a period of years . That ’s in addition to the 11 over four years that Ole Miss self-imposed , which already meant three or four fewer scholarship players per year . Every coach named in the NCAA ’s investigation has received a show-cause ( essentially an NCAA blackball for a period of time ) of varying lengths . That does n’t include new head coach Matt Luke , who was n’t named . Former head coach Hugh Freeze would receive a two-game suspension , if hired elsewhere . Former assistant David Saunders ’ show-cause runs for eight years . Former staffer Barney Farrar faces five . The NCAA ’s release is now here . Ole Miss chancellor Jeffrey Vitter says the school will “ vigorously ” appeal the 2018 bowl ban . Of the 21 football allegations , 15 are classified by the NCAA as Level 1 charges — the most serious type . Some of them are more salacious than others , ranging from former staffers allegedly fixing ACT scores to get recruits qualified for the football team to recruits allegedly hunting on boosters ’ private land . Ole Miss self-imposed a bowl ban for the 2017 season after the new batch of allegations came out in the winter . The school is emphasizing that punishment to the NCAA , probably in the hopes that the organization opts for more leniency . Among the central tenets to the NCAA ’s case is the testimony of star witness , Mississippi State linebacker Leo Lewis . Lewis says he was paid by boosters at multiple schools , including Ole Miss . He was given immunity to talk to NCAA investigators . According to sources , Lewis told the Committee on Infractions he received a cash payment of $ 10,000 “ from Mississippi State ” on the eve of National Signing Day 2015 to sign with the Bulldogs . When pressed by members of the COI to elaborate , sources say that Lewis stated that he received money to attend MSU from Calvin Green , a defensive backs coach for Copiah-Lincoln Community College in Wesson , Miss . Green is the father of Farrod Green , Lewis ’ friend and Mississippi State teammate , according to sources and documentation . Both Copiah-Lincoln representatives and Mississippi State sports information director Bill Martin did not return requests for comment on Thursday . In an email to SB Nation , NCAA Director of Public and Media Relations Stacey Osburn sent the following statement : “ The NCAA is always interested in pursuing behaviors that harm college sports , including recruiting violations . When the enforcement staff receives information regarding potential violations , we thoroughly review that information to determine what happened . ” In transcripts of Lewis ’ three interviews with NCAA enforcement in 2016 , NCAA investigator Michael Sheridan mentions statements by Farrod Green about Lewis ’ recruitment by Ole Miss . According to multiple sources and documentation obtained by SB Nation , Green ’s statements to the NCAA were used to corroborate Lewis ’ claims that he received free merchandise from Rebel Rags , an Ole Miss merchandise retailer ; free food and cash from Lee Harris , owner of an Oxford bar ; and cash payments totaling over $ 10,000 from an Ole Miss booster in Jackson , Miss . All three of those events were outlined in NCAA enforcement ’s amended notice , which bumped a Level II “ failure to monitor ” charge to the Level I “ lack of institutional control ” charge against the university . Level I is the highest level charge the NCAA can make against a program . It ’s been a wild five years at Ole Miss . Coach Hugh Freeze had just been hired to bring back Ole Miss from the doldrums of the post-Eli Manning era . He got to work quickly on the recruiting trail . By Signing Day 2013 , Freeze had inked WR Laquon Treadwell , DL Robert Nkemdiche , and OL Laremy Tunsil . Each player was the best at the position , and the historic class for the Rebels ranked No . 8 nationally . Fast-forward to 2017 . Freeze resigned after it was revealed that he had called an escort service . He was brought down by his predecessor Houston Nutt , who threatened to sue the school but ended up settling . This saga took many turns , including Tunsil ’s draft moment being ruined when his phone was hacked and tweeted out a video of him smoking out of a gas mask . That led to a disastrous press conference where Tunsil inadvertently admitted to being given impermissible benefits . And there is much more zaniness and many other twists and turns to this whole deal . For all we know , there will be another twist to Ole Miss ’ NCAA saga . But we at least know what the penalties are , after years of waiting . Hey RebelsTalk about it at our Ole Miss blog	Ole Miss hit with extra bowl-ban year and scholarship reductions , with former coaches getting NCAA show-cause penalties
In a recent article , we ’ve mentioned that more and more users prefer searching for goods directly through the Amazon instead of googling . Large e-commerce companies are changing our attitude to online purchasing and , as a result , to website development . Successful e-commerce companies actively implement innovative technologies in their work — chatbots , voice search , and other AI solutions . Let ’s discover benefits of Artificial Intelligence implementation for website development.According to Gartner , all largest e-commerce companies will use voice and even visual product search by 2021 . Moreover , implementing Artificial Intelligence solutions into website development will allow e-commerce companies understand their consumer ’s desires better and offer goods , that fit particular customer ’s needs . Futurologists predict that properly implemented AI solutions will bring 30 % revenue increase to marketplaces by 2020 . Why Implement Artificial Intelligence in Website Development1 . Make Search Even FasterCustomers are eager to get information faster and in the easiest way . Voice search is already a popular searching option among youths , soon this technology will be more in demand . Whether it ’s Siri , Cortana or new voice search solution , based on Deep Learning , virtual shopping assistants should take its advantages . Voice search option is an important part of e-commerce website development now .2 . Make Interaction Even BetterChatbots made the communication process more natural . Based on Artificial Intelligence , they soon will learn how to recognize human emotions . More and more online buyers will find it easier to interact with a website via a Chatbot . This option will remove all communication barriers and make shopping process even more easy and pleasant.By implementing AI , interaction via Chatbots will be similar to a conversation with a real shopping consultant , who sees a reaction to this or that good , its features , quality , and price . The Future Today Institute predicts , that the chatbots market share will be close to $ 3.5 billion by the 2021 year . If you want to stay in trend , consider implementing chatbot while developing a website , especially for e-commerce . Originally published at stfalcon.com .3 . Indeed Relevant Customer ExperienceUsing AI solutions you can adapt your website better to the user ’s needs . Real-time learning technology evaluates customers mood and understands their preferences . According to the information received , this technology allows to dynamically modify website per each customer , even including search through the website . In addition , there is a wide range of possibilities : Display on-the-fly goods recommendations ; Alter prices at optimal times ; Display personalized ads ; Serve tailored video content to stimulate sales .4 . Personalized Store ExperienceBy making online purchases from home , customer can be in charge of a new web experience . With increasing number of online purchasing , user engagement will go to a completely new level . With AI solutions implementing , the online store experience becomes more and more personalized.The goal now is not only to make navigation through the website intuitively clear but to provide the customer with perfect shopping environment . Where a person can easily get what he/she wants , when he/she wants it and feel like everything in the store were created particularly for this person .5 . Even more effective marketingMachine learning , as a part of Artificial Intelligence and Big Data analysis , opens great opportunities for e-commerce marketers . Technologies allow doing marketing predictions , based on customer behaviour . For example : What kind of good customers will buy next ; What types of products annoy customers ; Preferred device and channel on getting to your website ; Price threshold that is suitable for the user ; When the customer is more likely to buy particular good etc.Have ideas for creating an IT-solution ? Our company has 8-year-experience in delivering complex IT-projects for medium and large companies from U.S and E.U. Contact us on info@stfalcon.com . Let ’s make an innovative solution of your dream!This story is published in The Startup , Medium ’s largest entrepreneurship publication followed by 270,416 + people.Subscribe to receive our top stories here .	Using Artificial Intelligence in Website Development
Dak Prescott injured his right hand in the second quarter of the Cowboys ' 38-14 win over the Redskins on Thursday , but the quarterback says his hand is going to be just fine . Prescott remained in the game and played through what was later diagnosed as a " bruised hand . " X-rays came back negative , and he did not miss a snap . " It just swelled up , " Prescott said , per ESPN.com . " I was fine . Got great trainers and doctors , wrapped it up , fixed it up , and we 're good to go . " Despite the injury , Prescott led the Cowboys to their first win since early November . Prescott passed for 102 yards with two touchdown passes and completed 11 of 22 passes . If Prescott could not return to the game , the Cowboys were prepared to put in rookie Cooper Rush , but coach Jason Garrett credited Prescott 's toughness for getting back on the field right away . " He felt good enough to where he could grip the ball , and he was able to play that last series of the first half , " Jason Garrett said . " But you know , he 's a tough guy , and he plays the game the right way . " The Cowboys have some time off before facing the Giants on Dec. 10 in Week 14 , which will ultimately give Prescott some extra time to recover .	Dak Prescott injury update : Cowboys QB ' good to go ' despite hand bruise
The compartments of your ( financial ) mindWe are all mental accountants , for better and for worseYou probably have them too in your purse or your wallet : a stack of store loyalty cards . Every time you pass a till , you habitually hand over a piece of plastic , and as if by magic points — it ’s always points — get added to your account . And then you get some vouchers to use next time , giving you extra points when you buy deodorant , breakfast cereal or canned plum tomatoes.What you surely know , but do n’t necessarily realize all the time , is that a point represents real money . Not much money , though . One point , at the supermarket where we get our groceries , is worth half a penny . There is n’t even a 0.5 p coin any more — it was taken out of circulation at the end of 1984 . But the points do add up , eventually.A preference for pointsThey can generally be exchanged for a cash discount at the till , something a rational person would of course do at every occasion . Why leave them in what is effectively a 0 % interest savings account ? The best thing to do would be to keep your points balance as close as possible to zero , and reduce the shopping bill every shopping trip . But do I do so ? Nope . And I am not alone : according to a Daily Telegraph article , in 2015 20 % of loyalty scheme members had not cashed in any points in the preceding year , and 7 % had never redeemed them.One possible explanation is the so-called euro effect . In her PhD dissertation , Amelie Gamble , a psychologist at the university of Göteborg , describes how our perception of actual value is influenced by the nominal value of a currency . If they have a higher nominal value ( like the points ) than the one we ’re familiar with ( like pounds ) they tend to be seen as worth more . That means accumulating points feels more attractive than spending them : the 200 points you add to your account feel more valuable than the £ 1 reduction to your bill they would give you.It ’s also an example of what the Economics Nobel winner Richard Thaler has termed mental accounting . This is the practice of mentally dividing a resource like money into different categories . Strictly speaking , money is fungible : there is no difference between one pound coin and another one , or indeed between £ 1 and something else that is worth exactly £ 1 ( such as 200 points ) . But that is not the way we look at things . Points are points , and money is money . At best , the points can be ‘ supermarket money ’ . But we will not normally feel they can pay for , say , a family meal , even though we could easily use them to pay for our shopping , and then use the money we thus did not have to spend to pay the restaurant.Jars of moneyIn an interview for American National Public Radio , Thaler gives a striking example of mental accounting , referring to this video : When they were both young and impecunious actors , Gene Hackman goes to visit Dustin Hoffman . Hoffman asks Hackman whether he can lend him some money . But in the kitchen , Hackman spots a range of jars , each with a label — rent , entertainment , books and so on . All contain some money , except the one labelled ‘ food ’ . So he says , “ You do n’t need to borrow money — you ’ve got money ! ” upon which Hoffman replies that he ca n’t take the money out of the other jars to pay for food.Hoffman ’s version of mental accounting may be quirky and amusing . But unlike the variant that leaves tens or hundreds of pounds in an account that does n’t produce any return to us , it is actually not a bad idea , especially if you ’re strapped for cash . It makes your trade-offs very visible . It helps you protect the money for the rent , and hence safeguard the roof over your head , and it challenges you to justify that you value entertainment more than food on the table.But mental accounting can also confuse and fool us , especially if others are doing the ‘ mentalizing ’ . When we buy something online , we operate separate mental compartments for ‘ stuff ’ and for ‘ shipping ’ , and sellers can play with this . If they have a low price for the ‘ stuff ’ then they can hook and reel us in , while we ’re ignoring the ‘ shipping ’ compartment . Only some weirdo ( do n’t all look at me ! ) would scan every supplier ’s offer , put prices and shipping charges in a spreadsheet , and work out the total cost for each one to find the cheapest overall . Then again , some sellers include shipping in the selling price . That makes comparison easy , and if they call it ‘ free ’ shipping , they might have the edge on those who still split it off . Zero cost in one of the compartments is very appealing.Amazon is very good at using this ploy . With a low threshold to be entitled to free shipping ( just $ 25 , £ 20 or € 29 ) , the lure is often so great that we happily add another item to our order simply to get it delivered free of charge . And with Prime , the shipping cost becomes an entirely separate sunk cost we pay once a year as our subscription — which further entices us to buy ‘ stuff ’ , and enjoy our free lunch while we fill Amazon ’s coffers.Is receiving a tax refund a good thing ? Intuitively it sounds great : the mental jar labelled ‘ tax ’ is one to put money in , not one you can take money out . Finding extra money in it obviously brings a big grin to your face . Until you realize you ’re fooling yourself : that money was yours all along . The tax man is simply giving you back what you overpaid earlier.Beneficial trickeryBut such trickery can actually benefit you . Last week , Moneyweek published a small article ( it ’s halfway down the page when you click ) praising a change by the Nationwide , the world ’s largest building society , to its retirement savings scheme . Before , employees contributed 4 % of their salary ( to which the employer added a further 9 % ) , which they could increase to 7 % ( matched by the company ) . After the change , the maximum of 7 % became the default , which employees could reduce back to 4 % if they so wished . This turned out to be a very successful nudge using the status quo bias to encourage people to save more : while at first only 9 % of employees made the maximum contribution , today a whopping 84 % are doing so.The real smoke and mirrors , however , are in the so-called “ employer ’s ” contributions . Free money ! Does that money really come from the employer ? Well , yes , but so does the salary . The employer simply chooses to divide the total amount it pays an employee into two mental accounts : one in a jar labelled ‘ wages ’ , and one in a jar labelled ‘ pension contribution ’ . The free money is really an illusion , but more than the change in the default contribution , it is this illusion that is the allure of a retirement savings scheme.Like so many psychological concepts , mental accounting is a two edged sword . Where does it help you , and where does it fool you ? Just a little bit of mental effort will tell … I am a very loyal person ( image : Gordon Joly ) Money in the jarOriginally published at koenfucius.wordpress.com on December 1 , 2017 . Thanks for reading this story . Did n’t enjoy it ? Tell me in the comments — I ’d love to hear from you . But if you did enjoy it , tell others by tapping the ‘ applause ’ 👏 button nearby so they get to see it more easily , or by sharing it ( Twitter and Facebook buttons are in the vicinity , or DIY ) . And of course feel free to comment if you liked it too ! Thank you .	The compartments of your ( financial ) mind
How and why I committed to living and volunteering half a world away from my comfort zoneStop me if you ’ve heard this one before … Design will save the world ! It ’s a sentiment that everybody and their mom has heard at this point . Kanye proudly proclaimed it . David Carson cheekily lampooned it . Perhaps Mike Monteiro articulated it best in a moment of critical realness aimed at this sentiment that so unabashedly represents the self-celebratory nature of design as an industry : … the world is n’t usually changed by special people . It ’s changed by ordinary people … Yes , designers can change the world . But it ’s because we have the same responsibility as every other ordinary person.I ’ve thought a lot about social and civic responsibility … a lot about what I may owe to my immediate community and the world at large for investing in me as I ’ve grown into the person that I am today . Once upon a time , I wrote : In my future as a designer , I will exercise my potential to call other members of a global community to action for a better tomorrow by creating engaging experiences and tools that enable others to do the same on a multiplied scale.Ever since then , I ’ve been striving as best I can to identify pathways which allow me to embody that mission in the work I like to do . The years since I penned that statement have been filled with a good deal of experimentation , some successes , many failures , and several valuable lessons and discoveries . My search to fulfill my mission in a way that ’s meaningful to me has encouraged a desire to explore aggressively.On ExploringGo far and wide early on and cultivate the patience to focus and go deep later , when clearer vision emerges from an amalgam of diverse experiences.It was advice that I was at first hesitant to follow , but upon consideration it felt like a good fit for my personality . There ’s a golden moment in an episode of The Knowledge Project podcast featuring Naval Ravikant where he refers to this idea as the important transition in his career from a phase of exploration to one of execution . The entire episode is filled to the brim with a lot of other sage advice . It helps that I ’ve always been a person who enjoys pursuing many ( sometimes disparate ) endeavors . Here are the cliff notes of what I ’ve tried since writing that statement which abstractly identifies my motives : I declared a minor where I learned about digital fabrication , algorithmic music , and a myriad of other things that were n’t exactly design-related . I helped launch an educational technology company called Kadenze to make arts and technology education more accessible and affordable.I toured several studios and agencies in New York and California wondering if that life could ever work for me.I graduated from CalArts ! 🎊 👨🏾‍🎓 🎊 I interviewed for a small number of design positions in California through recruiters who were interested in my work . The opportunities seemed good on paper , but none of them really panned out . I must admit that I was more motivated to pursue them by financial pressures than by passion ; for the most part , their missions never quite felt as meaningful as the work I was doing before.I wanted to learn more about the intersection of entrepreneurship and design , so I spent some time consulting for a couple early-stage technology companies in Palo Alto.I traveled to Liverpool , England to attend my first business conference , and to Florence , Italy to meet an engineering team.I saw a lot of other interesting things in Europe . My visit to the Bauhaus Archive in Berlin was highly emotional.I worked on numerous side-projects ( some still ongoing ) including : a resource aggregator for Google ’s TensorFlow library , a web application for genetics researchers , and tour promotions , album artwork , and websites for various independent artists and musicians.I became a moderator for Designers Guild , an online community of over 10,000 designers committed to learning and growing together.Most importantly : I helped people whenever possible . I learned that I genuinely just love supporting others . Helping people simultaneously makes me feel useful and feels like the best use of my time ; ideal.On Getting LostThere ’s a thing that many people forget to expect when they take up the mantle of exploration : it ’s not difficult to get lost … and I was pretty out there.Reconciling lessons from all of my experiences and understanding how to unify them into a workable vision for my future was going to take substantive consideration . I have Jenny Earnest to thank for pointing me in the right direction when she gifted me a copy of the 2017 edition of What Color is Your Parachute ? , a classic job-hunting best-seller by Richard N. Bolles . I particularly appreciated the book ’s helpful suggestion to perform a “ self-inventory ” so that I might craft that vision with integrity on the basis of my most genuine self — merits , flaws , and all.Listen To Your Friends?A thousand scattered conversations with friends also punctuated that period of deep self-reflection . Some memories of those back-and-forths remain more salient than others . I remember one mathematician friend throwing quite the jab after one of my extended musings about technology ’s potential to elicit social change on a gargantuan scale.What are you gon na do , give people better iPhones ? 🙄 He was being a jerk … but more importantly , he was being a jerk with a fair point . For all my belief in the ideals of social responsibility , that incisive retort deftly forced me to recognize and admit that the comforts and promises of ergonomic office chairs and steady paychecks always came first . It proved to be ammunition for further reflection . What am I really here to do?Search Your FeelingsBuilding relationships and pursuing community-oriented work struck a nerve with me for some reason . Maybe it ’s because of all the online communities that have shaped my evolution as a designer over the last decade . Helping and encouraging others in various more socially hands-on roles tended to return a distinctly powerful energy which I frequently felt was missing from my work . The self-inventory process began to accelerate as I started to readily identify similarly meaningful feelings which had arisen in previous work contexts.One sentiment that stuck with me from my time in edtech was a festering disillusionment concerning how distant and removed I felt from the people I was helping . Many amazing , smart , and talented people benefitted from the reach of the work I was doing and I got to meet some of them on my journey . It was quite rewarding to have had a role in shaping people ’s decisions about their lives and careers and exposing them to pathways that they ’re incredibly passionate about . That wider impact always made me much prouder than any product deliverables or any direct work outcomes . Despite that pride , I still could n’t shake the feeling that I was effecting change from behind a desk . My intuition told me that I wanted a deeper level of intimacy with and empathy for people who do n’t have access to some of the learning opportunities that I ’ve been lucky enough to enjoy.Talk To Experienced PeopleAnother lasting and impactful influence was a conversation I had with my cousin Obi during my time in Palo Alto . Obi Okobi was a product of the Harvard Graduate School of Education who went on to become a principal in Baltimore , Maryland ’s school systems so I figured she was the perfect person to talk to about my job and interests in education . She was seated next to me at a celebratory dinner last year for my brother ’s graduation from Stanford and we ended up having a very stimulating conversation about creativity ’s role in education.Sadly , that was the last conversation I ’d ever have with my dear cousin . Shortly afterwards , tragedy struck and Obi succumbed to a medical emergency at the all-too-early age of forty . In this loss were powerful lessons : It is n’t rational to indefinitely defer our urges to investigate feelings that resonate with our true selves . We never know when the day may come that we run out of chances to do so . When something meaningful calls to us , we should at worst , find a way to explore that energy with mitigated risk , or at best , pursue that calling with vigor.Obi ’s life was a life of service and that was very much reflected in the way people chose to remember her . I ’d like to be remembered in a similar fashion — as somebody who dedicated themself to service and lead by example in that regard ( as Obi has been a leader for me ) . Maybe now ’s an appropriate time to include a relevant quote from a more notable ( and perhaps more gentle ) mathematician : It is high time the ideal of success should be replaced with the ideal of service … Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile . — Albert EinsteinLost in Liverpool ( June 2016 ) P.S. check out Jenny ’s stimulating newsletter ! Reading Thank You for Sharing one of the best parts of my week.Obi having a good time at a weddingOn Finding ( Paving ) a WayMaking service a priority is easier said than done . Like any other worthwhile thing in life , committing to a mission and figuring out a way to make it work may require no small amount of sacrifice . Learning to part with things you hold dear in order to evolve is one of the hardest things to learn while growing up — but in retrospect , learning lessons the hard way has always worked fairly well for me . At certain times , there is no greater motivator than the prospect of failure . However , nearly all the time , there is no greater teacher than the acceptance thereof.Do What ’s NecessaryIn order to ambitiously commit , take risks , help others , and understand my purpose , I had to identify failures in my life , accept them , and make difficult decisions about how to deal with them in order to move past them.I chose to complete therapy to ensure that I could take care of my own mental and emotional health as I transitioned to adulthood . I learned that much of life concerns reacting to events in a way that prioritizes growth.I chose to start accepting more responsibility and to hold myself accountable whenever I could identify a personal failure . I learned that even when entirely legitimate , blame is a formidable obstacle to progress.I chose to get off the bench , put up more shots , and keep taking some risks . I learned that establishing a framework for managing risk and exercising it with discipline can be rewarding in cases of both failure and success.I chose to part with a toxic family environment that was feeding my negativity , stifling my growth , and systematically removing my self-belief . I learned that hard decisions may be momentarily painful but that I can and will survive through them to ultimately find greener pastures.I chose to relinquish most of my material possessions ; I packed what I could carry on my back and left home . I learned to greatly expand the radius of my comfort zone by strongly distinguishing wants from needs and assets from liabilities when life got tough . I learned to appreciate my merits and worth as a human aside from perceived wealth and status.I chose to set moments aside where I could consciously appreciate the things I was grateful for . I learned that fortitude and optimism are habits cultivated through consistent practice.I chose to continue helping others whenever possible despite a drastic reduction in material resources . I learned that contributing to the lives of others can lend us more positive energy to fight our own battles as well.I chose to recognize when I truly need help and to ask for it . I learned that I do n’t have to be a martyr in order to serve others or to lead by example to propagate the change I ’d like to see ; sometimes we all need support.When people solicit advice for how to improve their lives , they often default to an additive frame — what more can I do to reach my goals ? Something often overlooked is that a subtractive approach can be equally or more beneficial — what should I stop doing to reach my goals ? Once I simplified my life by removing conflicting variables and starting over with a bottom-up approach , it became a lot harder to lie to myself . I could see far more lucidly after the fog of cognitive dissonance had dissipated . I was still a bit lost , but in the words of some corny motivational poster , it feels good to be lost in the right direction.Do What Feels RightI suspect that by nature I ’m largely a defensive pessimist : a person who protects themself and others by identifying reasons not to take some action . Unbalanced defensive pessimism is not a suitable disposition for someone who wishes to squeeze the most out of this life by taking intelligent risks , growing through failures , and earning the rewards of successes . I had to shed my propensity for deliberating in place of acting if I ever wanted to see beyond the horizons that were confining me to passive mediocrity.One good thing about service is that it is righteous . Despite all of the logistical difficulties that committing to a mission of service entails , choosing whether or not to help people who are truly in need is one of the easiest moral and philosophical decisions I could ever place in front of myself . Combining that with my newfound independence and my resolution to radically accept responsibility was a surefire cure for debilitating pessimism . The facts were that I truly wanted to do something which I felt was entirely possible and that I had neither a moral nor philosophical reason not to ; any other reason not to was merely an excuse not to commit . The only way I could rationalize those excuses now was to accept responsibility . The only reason not to commit to something this righteous is a lack of willingness to slog through the difficulties along the way . The only reason not to follow through with this is because of a contentment with passive mediocrity.Do it.I followed through.On Pursuing CommitmentCommitment is frightening . Committing to something truly worthwhile involves sacrifice , but moreover it demands steadfastness . Human beings are nomadic and dynamic creatures that crave change and novelty ; remaining constant and stable in the face of shifting moods , environments , and circumstances is no easy task for us . Following through on commitments requires a tolerance for poor weather — the resolve to rise and power through the days when things get difficult or when the engine of raw passion does n’t provide the thrust we so often rely on it for.I found that when I learned to cope with the fact that my life circumstances got tougher , committing to long-term goals got much easier . I was no longer the kind of person who had to wait around until things were perfect to make decisions or take a big leap of faith . I knew now that I could start off in the right direction and adjust my course along the way . I recognized the benefits of maintaining an optimistic attitude and building upon positive momentum.I decided to commit half a year to volunteering in Thailand.I ’m working at the Father Ray Foundation in Pattaya , an organization that provides a home and access to education to over 850 disadvantaged children and young people with disabilities . My role within the organization includes : teaching three English courses for vocational students with disabilities and special needs studentsdesigning and developing curricula and assistive technology for blind students to learn vocational and conceptual technology skillsplaying with and emotionally supporting children throughout the organization ’s several projectsleading various recreational activities for the youthassisting with the organization ’s fundraising effortsA short documentary about the Father Ray Foundation ’s work and mission ( February 2017 ) Commitment also forces one to reckon with the opportunity costs of investing deeply in something and promising to follow through . However , something I learned about paving my own path in life is that with a lot of determination and a little creativity , we can make difficult situations work to our advantage . In becoming a more flexible person , I came to understand that I really did n’t have to give up many of the things that truly appealed to me ( especially things concerning my future ) . I could also choose to look at what opportunities long-term commitment afforded.I thought volunteering for six months would cost me the opportunity to land a steady job in my industry with a reasonable paycheck that could help me start my life as an independent adult . However , it afforded me a structure in which I could learn new skills , try many things , and deeply contemplate what things I enjoy working on most before making my next commitment . I am currently writing , designing , and doing more things that I ’m passionate about than I have in a long time . I ’m sure that my next move will be one that I am equally excited about instead of one which I settle for and I see everything as a positive step towards that outcome.I thought that moving to a different country would cost me the opportunity to fix things with my family . In reality , it afforded me distance to realize that everybody needs time to heal and that the nature of our relationships changes throughout our lifetimes as we grow and adjust with those around us . Navigating a different culture and teaching young people have taught me lessons in patience that extend to other areas of my life . It does n’t come naturally , but I am finally permitting myself to be patient with my own growth ; the peace of mind that brings to my life is quite invaluable.Lastly , I thought that committing to a mission of service far away from home would cost me the opportunity to spend time around my friends and the people I love . What I instead realized is that there is love to be found anywhere one goes and that it lifts us up , carries us through difficult times , and gives us the strength to surmount the challenges that shape us into the people that we wish to be . That reciprocity and appreciation make serving others an unparalleled privilege.To commit to and act on our love for others is to love ourselves . I ’ll end with a warm quote from the whiteboard in the hallway this morning : “ The heart of a volunteer is never measured in size , but by the depth of the commitment to make a difference in the lives of others . ” — DeAnn HollisThank you very much for taking the time to read about something that matters a lot to me . If you ’d like to support me in my mission of service , I am raising funds on GoFundMe . Donations assist me with expenses such as : student materials , transportation , travel documents , living supplies , dining , recreation , and more . You can also support with direct donations via Paypal , pre-ordering items from my brand , SODI ( proceeds also support BlackGirlsCode ; pre-sale ends in 2018 ) , and by donating directly to the Father Ray Foundation.Emotional support also means the world to me . Feel free to connect with me on Twitter or other social media . I ’d relish the opportunity to get closer to you and discover what causes , work , and other matters are important in your life as well .	My Motives for Service
Jarryd Hayne is officially an Eel again after Parramatta confirmed his signing on a one-year deal . Just a day after he was granted a release from the Gold Coast , the blue and golds completed a deal the will bring the him back to Sydney 's western suburbs . Since being released from the final year of his Eels deal in 2014 , Hayne has worn the jerseys of the San Francisco 49ers , the Fijian rugby sevens sides , the Titans , the Blues and the Bati . However , his preference since his ill-fated NFL stint was always a return to the club where he began his professional career . In order to do so , Hayne has taken a sizeable pay cut from the A$ 1.2 million annual salary he was earning on the Gold Coast . It ends a disastrous stint on the holiday strip in which he was often embroiled in off-field dramas and rarely displayed his Dally M-winning form . READ MORE : * Which Hayne will the Eels get ? * Hayne to rejoin Parramatta Eels * Hayne is still doing it on his terms * Hayne behind Pacific Barbarians * Hayne plane on return journey ? " As I said yesterday , my decision to return to Sydney was n't taken lightly so I am grateful that Brad and the Eels have offered me the opportunity to return to the club , " Hayne told the club website . " Eels members and fans have been behind me throughout my career and I want to use this second chance to repay that faith and support . " I look forward to returning to training in early January 2018 and am keen to work hard and play my part for the team in building on last year 's finals run . " Hayne left the Eels as one of the game 's elite , but returns to a very different club . During his previous stint , the cross-code star was the focal point of a team that , save for the storied run to the 2009 grand final , never made the playoffs . However , the current Parramatta squad is the strongest it has been for many years and finished the year in fourth spot under coach Brad Arthur . Hayne made his name at fullback and also spent time in the halves prior to his departure , but the club is already well served in those areas . Mitchell Moses and Corey Norman have formed a formidable halves combination , while Bevan French and Clint Gutherson are strong candidates for the No 1 jersey . It 's likely New Zealand international Brad Takairangi will shift from the centres to the back row to accommodate Hayne 's return to the backline . Whether Hayne is capable of returning to anything resembling his best remains to be seen . However , the fact that he sacrificed more than half of his potential salary is an indicator of his desire to again represent his first club . The 29 year old 's return also partly offsets the loss of superstar winger Semi Radradra , who has taken up a lucrative deal to play in Toulon . The Eels still have some salary cap space remaining , meaning they do n't have to offload any players to squeeze Hayne into the roster . Parramatta Eels chief executive Bernie Gurr said that the club was pleased that one of its most talented local juniors had returned home . " Jarryd started playing for our club as a 15-year-old , so we are pleased that he now has the opportunity to return and be part of a strong squad and playing culture that Brad Arthur has developed over the past few seasons . " Gurr said . " From speaking with Jarryd , he is keen to join his teammates in early January and is committed to working with Brad and our players to build on our excellent 2017 season . Jarryd 's abilities will strengthen our 2018 player roster and we look forward to again seeing Jarryd in the blue and gold " .	Jarryd Hayne officially returns to Parramatta Eels on a one-year deal
Who do you hang out with?You know , those people you hit up when you want to go out and do something . Those peers that you communicate with on a regular basis , and often associate with . Identify them.Now ask yourself , where are you in life ? What do you aspire to be , and how do you plan on getting there ? Now look back at those people you identified : How many of them can you say will positively impact your growth?That ’s the entire premise of everything I want to say.You are often a reflection of the company you keep . But have you had a chance to reflect on that company?I ’m asking these questions in hope of sparking a fuse in you , one that took me so long to grasp . It ’s the understanding that who you associate with directly impacts who you are.There ’s a multitude of people you can surround yourself with . First and foremost is yourself , which would require you be insular of sorts ; forming your own island and being your own best friend . Then you have that core group ; family , loved ones , best friends . These are the people that 99 % of the time are on your side ( I ’ll explain that 1 % in a little bit ) . Then you have the friends and people you know who are kind of like you ; they share the same perspectives and aspire to be in similar places . Finally , you have the “ empty friends ” ; those individuals who are here today and gone tomorrow . You may hang out with them once or twice , associate for a little while , but at the end of the day they are n’t apart of your full-time circle . Each of these type of people play a role in our lives and development , and it ’s in our best interest if we surround ourselves with the proper balance of them . Many of us may have a million empty friends , and that may be cause of stagnation . On the flipside , many successful individuals often credit their supporting cast in their success.In short , you need to surround yourself with people who will help you grow . Will it be 100 % of the people you associate with ? Absolutely not . But should it make up the majority?Definitely.Evaluate your current relationships with those that are close to you . Your family , friends , loved ones . Are they actually rooting for you ? Or are they just there to watch you ? Hopefully for many of us , we have family and those that care about our success . However , some of us do n’t have that luxury in having a wonderful support group . In fact , in some case its those closest to us that put us down , or limit our growth ( the 1 % I was talking about earlier ) . Whether it be out of jealousy or fear of being left behind , having those that we love not root for us can be tough . It ’s then you have to really look at that relationship and ask if its worth it ? The same can be said for any supposed friends ? Are they really your friends that you want to grow alongside with , or people just in your life that are holding you back?Don ’ t get me wrong , its ok to have acquaintances and people you associate with ; there ’s a place for them in our lives . However emphasis should really be put into those that will aid you along your journey , and advocate for your growth and success . Life is all about balance , and balancing who you spend your time with is equally as important . Sometimes you have to cut down on certain people , or perhaps cut them out entirely . Negative peers will breed negativity whereas positive peers will lift you up.Take me for an example.I had to transition throughout all the layers of socializing . As I ’ve mentioned before , I grew up always trying to please others . I was always on the outreach , desperate to gain any empty friend . As I learned to find myself and grow , I became more introverted and focused on myself , only to then progress back into socializing and reaching out to others ( except this time on my terms ) . I learned the process of evaluating relationships , and saw who did n’t contribute to my life , who did , and where I could lean up and cut some baggage . I knew if I wanted to succeed , I needed to have as little noise as possible . You get into a sort of tunnel vision where all you see is the next step , and you do n’t really pay attention to anything else . It gave me a sense of relaxation , and allowed me to find myself and reset my outlook on others . Eventually you learn that you ca n’t do it all on your own , and that you need some friends and help from others along the way.This is where you build a sense of guidelines ; a criteria that allows you to get a read on a person right off the bat , and allows you to determine if they are worth your time . For example , does person X have a positive outlook on life , are they pursuing something of their own , are they a good person , forward thinker , etc . Questions like that allow you to judge how much someone will impact your growth . You ’re not going to jive with everyone , so you might as well choose wisely and invest in a worthwhile relationship . You may find that you come across a lot of friendly people who you connect with . Or you may find that you have a small circle and do n’t see too many new faces . Nothing wrong with that either ; better to have 5 meaningful friends than 50 empty ones.Use technology to your advantageSocial media has the amazing capability to connect us with the entire world . There is often a negative stigma associated with social media and how it makes us compare our lives . However , it can inversely be used to share all the good from our lives and embrace others . I ’ve personally noticed that keeping good company on Instagram and Anchor have led to better days , better moods , increased motivations , and an overall sense of belonging and community . I feel a sense of worth when actively engaged in a subject with millions of people , all sharing similar stories and perspectives on life . If you know where you want to go , but your current social surrounding is n’t doing it for you , hop online and show the world ! Guaranteed there is a group of people out there doing the same thing , and just like you , want to engage with likeminded people and grow together . Your audience is awaiting you , be it in person or on a greater platform , and its your job to get out there and connect.I often say “ Do You ” and stress the importance of carving your own path.I challenge you to go inside yourself and find out who you are , and what you would want out of a person . Set that criteria , then slowly build . Find people who are on a similar path , and can reinforce your desire to achieve greater success . Some of our circles may build quicker than others , and that ’s ok . Everything in life happens for a reason , and certain people are meant to either enter or stay out of our lives . If you find you have trouble finding others like you , its ok , do n’t worry . I was a party of one for a very , very long time before I finally started to connect with people . Even now , I still keep a small circle . I have many people I know , but very few that I let in . I ’ve learned that sometimes , you are the best company you can keep . You know best where you ’re going , and do n’t need that added weight of others holding you back . However , when someone comes along that you vibe with , bring them into your life and see how things progress . The goal is a healthy investment in your growth and happiness , and you only want those that will contribute directly to that.My mom always had a saying growing up . “ If you hang out with shit , you ’ll eventually smell like shit ” . Do n’t smell like shit.You are a reflection of the company you keep . Photo by Papaioannou Kostas on UnsplashSurround yourself with those that want to climb too ! Photo by Samuel Zeller on UnsplashGet you some positive peers ! Photo by rawpixel.com on UnsplashThe world is literally in the palm of your hand . Photo by William Iven on UnsplashGo insular and examine from the inside-out . Look and see who wants to walk with you . Photo by Karl Magnuson on UnsplashHave a topic you want me to talk about ? I ’d absolutely love to hear it ! Hit me up at one of ( or all ) of my contact info below ! I thrive off your feedback and enjoy sharing my knowledge on life!Instragram @realchinshadySnapchat @realchinshadyTwitter @realchinshadyI would seriously love to help !	012 : Who Are You Surrounding Yourself With ?
Guillermo del Toro ’s The Shape of Water has been named Vanguard Award winner of the upcoming Palm Springs Film Festival . The trophy , given to the winner ’s cast and director in recognition of an outstanding ensemble , will be presented at the fest ’s Film Awards Gala on January 2 . “ Guillermo del Toro is a master storyteller , whose boundless imagination has crafted a visually dazzling fable with The Shape of Water , ” said Festival Chairman Harold Matzner . “ This romantic story of a woman discovering herself as she falls for someone otherworldly is driven by an astounding performance by Sally Hawkins , and features an acclaimed cast including Octavia Spencer , Richard Jenkins , Michael Shannon , Doug Jones and Michael Stulhbarg . This exemplary group of actors brings to life this magical ode to cinema . ” Scheduled to attend the gala are Hawkins , Spencer , Jones and director , writer , and producer del Toro , along with producer J. Miles Dale . Additional cast members scheduled to attend will be announced shortly . The Film Awards Gala , hosted by Mary Hart , will be held Tuesday , January 2 at the Palm Springs Convention Center . The 29th annual Festival runs January 2-15 , 2018 . Last year ’s Vanguard winner was La La Land .	‘ The Shape Of Water ’ Named Palm Springs Fest Vanguard Award Winner
Holiday party season is upon us . And if you ’re hosting , the question of what drinks to serve is almost as pressing as gift lists.As with most things , the trick , of course , is to not overthink it . “ People are looking for more streamlined drinks , ” says Kara Newman , spirits editor for Wine Enthusiast . “ I think it 's a backlash to years of overwrought cocktail books written by bartenders who mean well but have access to a bar that 's so much more vast than anyone has at home . No one should need 10 bottles to make a single drink . ” In Shake . Stir . Sip . More than 50 Effortless Cocktails Made in Equal Parts for a Crowd ( 2016 , Chronicle Books ) , Newman has found that the easiest “ easy ” cocktails are the ones that have equal proportions of ingredients . She advises prebatching the drinks and chilling them in the fridge . Skip the bitsy jigger and simply pour cupfuls into a pitcher , stir , and decant into bottles . “ That 's the beauty of equal-parts drinks , they scale beautifully , ” enthuses Newman . “ You do n't really need a recipe . You do n't even really need a measuring cup — you could use a Quaker Oatmeal canister , and as long as you measure the same amount of every ingredient , the drink will work . ” There ’s one caveat : If the drink is meant to be shaken or stirred with ice ( like a martini or a Manhattan ) , but you opt to pop it into your fridge instead , be sure to add a little water to approximate the dilution you would have gotten as you mixed each individually . Robert Simonson , the celebrated drinks and liquor writer at the New York Times , has also written a book that doubles as a resource for stressed hosts . His 3-Ingredient Cocktails : An Opinionated Guide to the Most Enduring Drinks in the Cocktail Canon ( 2017 , Ten Speed Press ) points out that classic cocktails have endured because they are , by and large , simple.Robert Simonson.Photographer : Daniel Krieger “ If the Manhattan had eight ingredients , nobody would be making it today — at least not at home and probably not at many bars , ” he opines in his book . He doubled down on that in an email , noting that there ’s a move at present toward simplicity . “ After many years of bars serving up rococo cocktails with elaborate presentations , I do think there is at present a movement back toward simplicity . Complex cocktails will always have their place , but that place should be in the bar , in the hands of professionals . ” He notes that besides his and Newman ’s books , more are on the way , such as Maggie Hoffman ’s upcoming The One-Bottle Cocktail . “ They are a reminder that excellence is within the grasp of the home bartender without maxing out your credit card at the liquor store and renting a U-Haul to bring your purchases home . ” Amen.Whatever you decide to make — and we have five ca n’t - fail recipes below — use top-notch liquor and think about having two instead of five . To paraphrase venerated mixologist Jim Meehan , this holiday drinking season make it quality , and make it count . Fair HarvardFair Harvard.Photographer : Colin Price © 2017 , Reprinted with permission from 3-Ingredient Cocktails : An Opinionated Guide to the Most Enduring Drinks in the Cocktail Canon by Robert Simonson , copyright © 2017 . Published Ten Speed Press , an imprint of Penguin Random House LLC . From 3-Ingredient Cocktails by Robert SimonsonThe author created this drink for a party at an architecture gallery decorated in white that did n’t want to risk the spillage of dark spirits . It cleverly riffs on the classic , brandy-based Harvard.Serves 1224 oz . pisco12 oz . bianco vermouthAbout 36 dashes of orange bitters12 lemon twists In a large pitcher , combine all the ingredients except the lemon twists . Add ice and stir until chilled . Strain into another pitcher or container and refrigerate until serving.To serve , pour into chilled coupes . Twist a lemon twist over each drink , drop into the glass and serve . Toffee NegroniToffee Negroni.Photographer : John Lee/Shake . Stir.Sip . ( Chronicle Books ) From Shake . Stir . Sip . by Kara NewmanServes 12Like a regular Negroni — equal parts gin , sweet vermouth , and Campari — Newman notes that it ’s easy to scale this drink up or down ; you can double it for a bigger crowd or make just one drink . New York bartender Lynnette Marrero created this variation in which the rich , deep tones of aged rum combined with luscious amontillado really do evoke caramel and toffee without overt sweetness .12 oz . aged rum12 oz . amontillado sherry12 oz . Aperol12 grapefruit twistsIn a large pitcher , combine the rum , sherry , and Aperol . Add ice and stir until chilled . Strain into another pitcher or container and refrigerate until serving.To serve , pour into a rocks glass over a large cube of ice . Garnish with a grapefruit twist . Fitty-Fitty Martini The Fitty-Fitty with more traditional olive garnish.Newman credits Audrey Saunders , co-owner of New York ’s famed Pegu Club , for reviving this martini style , tweaking it , and giving it a saucier name . “ This is literally two ingredients , in equal parts . It does not get any easier than this . ” 36 oz . gin36 oz . dry vermouth24 dashes orange bitters12 lemon twistsIn a large pitcher , combine the gin , vermouth , and bitters . Add about ½ cup of water to mimic ice dilution . Refrigerate until serving.To serve , pour into chilled martini glasses and garnish with lemon twists.Note : To make a more classic martini , omit the orange bitters and substitute olives for the twists . Cinnamon Cinnamon.Source : The Pool LoungeFrom Thomas Waugh , The Pool Lounge , New YorkServes 12Waugh calls this the “ millionaire ’s tequila old fashioned ” — Don Julio 1942 , a premium aged tequila , meets Don the Beachcomber , thanks to a cinnamon-grapefruit-flavor combo known in the trade as “ Don ’s Mix . ” Keep this one reserved for more intimate occasions .12 oz . Don Julio 194212 oz . añejo tequila6 oz . Grapefruit-Cinnamon Syrup ( see below ) 24 dashes Bittermens Elemakule Tiki bitters or Angostura bitters12 grapefruit twists for garnish ( optional ) In a large pitcher combine all the ingredients except the grapefruit twists . Add about ½ cup of water to mimic dilution . Refrigerate until serving.To serve , pour into rocks glasses with ice cubes and garnish with grapefruit twists.To make Grapefruit-Cinnamon Syrup , simmer cane syrup ( or equal parts water and sugar ) with 2 to 3 cinnamon sticks over low heat for 5 minutes . Remove from the heat , add large strips of zest from 1 grapefruit , and let infuse until the syrup is flavored . Keep the extra on hand for all your tequila drinks . The Trifecta PunchThe Trifecta Punch.Photographer : Matt Taylor-GrossFrom Meaghan Levy of HGU Hotel in New YorkServes 16-20During the holiday season , Levy turns ( and returns ) to this simple , hassle-free punch recipe with three easy-to-find ingredients that anyone can whip up in three minutes . “ That inspired the name , the Trifecta Punch . Gin is a nice alternative to brown spirits often used in punch . Slightly bitter Aperol provides contrast and lends a great winter feel . ” 24 oz . gin 12 oz . Aperol64 oz . chilled sparkling rosé wineCranberries , for garnishIn a pitcher , combine the gin and Aperol . Stir and refrigerate until serving.To serve , add the sparkling rosé wine and stir again gently . Pour into rocks glasses or cups and garnish with cranberries .	The Easiest Cocktails to Make for All Your Holiday Parties
Whitehorse 's Knute Johnsgaard burst onto the cross-country skiing scene in 2017 after being a last-minute addition to the national men 's relay team that captured Canada 's first ever medal in the event . The 2017 season was a year of firsts for Johnsgaard . The 24-year-old qualified for his first world championships , landed his first world cup podium and secured a spot to the Winter Olympic Games all in the same week . Johnsgaard sees Whitehorse as more than just his birthplace — it 's where the rookie developed into an elite ski racer and explored what he says is " one of the world 's last true wilderness areas . " The first-time Olympian credits his explorations and Yukon 's warm and supportive people for helping him achieve his spot on the national cross-country ski team . The wilderness shaped Johnsgaard into an elite athlete — but it was his hometown that shaped him into the person he is today . Knute Johnsgaard always misses Whitehorse when when he has to be away from home1 : 24 Get to know Whitehorse Notable Olympians include : Zachary Bell ( cycling ) and Jeane Lassen ( weightlifting ) It has roughly the same population today as it did in 1900 ( 33,897 in 2015 , 31,055 in 1900 ) The city has 85 kilometres of groomed cross-country trails and 20 km of back-country trails It started as a transportation hub during the Klondike gold rush in 1898 Known as " the wilderness city "	Whitehorse is more than just Knute Johnsgaard 's birthplace
It 's only been a few days since Prince Harry and Meghan Markle announced they were getting married , but that has n't stopped them cracking on with the job.On Friday , the couple undertook their first official royal engagement , visiting the city of Nottingham . They are there to attend a charity fair for the Terrence Higgins Trust to mark World Aids Day and Nottingham Academy school where they will meet teachers to talk about the work being done to support children at risk of violence and crime.The streets of Nottingham were lined with supporters and well-wishers and the couple looked incredibly happy and at ease with each other , while wearing colour-coordinated outfits with a beige and navy combo.A beige theme is definitely happeningOf course , that 's just what it looked like to us , so we called on body language expert Judi James to break down what exactly is going on here.According to Judi , Meghan 's " obviously high levels of confidence " - which many people remarked on after the couple 's engagement interview - meant there was no indication she would be taking slow and steady steps into royal life . Instead she has well and truly hit the ground running and her fiancé knows she can handle it . " After arriving holding hands and moving to linked arm-hugs , Harry was able to work the crowd without a backward glance while Meghan popped back to his side to use loving eye contact and arm-rubs , " Judi says.In the engagement interview , the couple also talked about working together as a team which , again , was evident today by the way they often reassuringly touch each other when out in public . Judi explained that " these constant touch rituals allow the couple to communicate silently as well as re-boot in between crowd chats " . Although the non-Suits fans amongst us are still finding out lots about Meghan , one thing that definitely has been noted is her strong sense of independence . Meghan has a track record of campaigning for global gender equality while also holding down a successful career of her own . Judi says her independent streak was palpable on the royal engagement by the way she went off and met and spoke to the crowds by herself . " Meghan worked well by herself , popping back up to Harry for some intense re-bonding rituals of touching and hugging before dashing off again to do her own thing . " Prince Harry 's awkward hand-in-suit thing was definitely noticed when the royal couple held a photocall to announce their engagement - and when he met Melania Trump , but interpret that as you will - however , Judi says that today that disappeared , possibly because of how much more comfortable he felt by his fiancee 's side . Cute ! " With Meghan 's often quasi-maternal support he dropped some of the anxiety rituals from the engagement shoot and laughed and joked with the crowd , " Judi says . " His odd-looking hand barrier gesture of their more formal photo-shoot at Clarence House had become a much more solid-looking chest-pat . Overall , the pair look great together and , they put on a display of both chill and unity that Judi reckons we have not seen in the royal family before . " The pair 's even-handed body language and low-key choice of complimentary coats showed them as a team while their constant touching and eye contact signalled a more natural and relaxed approach to being together than we have ever seen in a royal couple before , " Judi says.A bold claim , maybe , but it 's one we are here for .	A Body Language Expert Breaks Down Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 's First Royal Visit
“ We always wanted a restaurant in Austin , ” says Reyna Vazquez , one of the two sisters behind Austin ’s Veracruz All Natural . “ Since we opened the first location , that was our goal , to open a restaurant in Austin , Texas . ” Veracruz All Natural opened its second brick-and-mortar restaurant , and its first in Austin , in September . But Vazquez and her sister Maritza began laying the Austin groundwork for their small Mexican food empire long before . Veracruz All Natural is now synonymous with breakfast tacos , but Vazquez started her operation with an entirely different breakfast item . In 2006 , Vazquez , then an undocumented immigrant , bought a trailer to sell smoothies and juices . Two years later , Maritza joined her , and two years after that , the sisters , who are originally from Veracruz , Mexico , started serving their now-famous tacos . Veracruz All Natural did n’t advertise , relying instead on word of mouth . It did n’t take long to become a known commodity . And when it was time to grow , Vazquez and Maritza started with a bigger truck , not a restaurant . “ They grew as they made enough money to do it , ” says Ryan Myers , Vazquez ’s husband , who also runs the brand ’s social media presence . In 2012 , six years after Vazquez started serving food from a trailer , she and her sister could afford to buy a second truck . At the time , Austin ’s restaurant scene was undeniably booming . Franklin Barbecue , in many ways the gold standard for Austin restaurant success stories , opened in 2009 , and exploded onto national consciousness when Bon Appétit declared it the “ best barbecue in America ” in 2011 . Anthony Bourdain further stoked Franklin Barbecue ’s popularity with a 2012 episode of No Reservations . In 2011 , Top Chef dedicated its ninth season to Texas ; its breakout star was Paul Qui , an Austin-based empire builder ( who was later arrested on assault charges in 2016 ) . And the Odd Duck empire , another restaurant group with modest beginnings , was growing apace . As the city — and its visitors — became ever more obsessed with food , the Veracruz line grew and grew . In 2014 , the sisters opened a third truck at bar and coffee shop Radio Coffee and Beer . According to Eater Austin editor Nadia Chaudhury , while there have long been a number of taco spots in town , “ Austin wants [ Veracruz All Natural ] especially . ” For Vazquez , the struggle has long been how to grow to meet demand , not how to create it . “ [ Growing ] takes time , and some people do n’t understand that , ” she says , adding some people might think that she has n’t expanded because the food is n’t good enough to support multiple locations . But the sisters are propelled by their desire to serve Mexican food they ’re proud of . “ I just focus on the the menu , ” Vazquez says . “ I make sure that everything that we offer is fresh and homemade . ” The lines of hungry Austinites simply follow . “ Austin supports its people and they ’re beloved in the community , ” Chaudhury explains . “ [ Veracruz All Natural ’s expansion is ] about sharing what they do best with everyone and I think that sort of authenticity and genuine love , care , and passion comes through . It ’s not some corporate nonsense . ” Vazquez ’s tacos — the fish and migas ( a breakfast taco with eggs , tortilla chips , avocado , pico de gallo , and Monterey Jack cheese ) notable specialties — won Veracruz All Natural a devoted following . In 2015 , Franklin Barbecue ’s Aaron Franklin visited the truck and named it one of his favorite places to eat in Austin . That same year , Food Network declared the migas taco one of the five best in America — events Veracruz All Natural cites as milestones in its growth . Veracruz All Natural also holds a consistent spot on Eater Austin ’s list of 38 Essential Austin Restaurants . With this kind of recognition , further expansion was almost inevitable , but it was n’t entirely seamless . In 2014 , Veracruz All Natural announced it would open a brick-and-mortar restaurant on Austin ’s Cesar Chavez , the street home to the original trailer , but those plans fell through due to permitting issues . Just last year , Vazquez and Maritza finally opened their first brick-and-mortar restaurant in Round Rock , Texas , about 20 miles north of Austin . They now have two brick-and-mortar restaurants and two active trucks — one at the original Cesar Chavez location and one at Radio Coffee and Beer . With each new location , Vazquez and Maritza must maintain the quality their fans have come to associate with the brand . “ I think the key is to train our team well and let them know that we really expect them to do the same work that we are , ” Vazquez says . In the beginning , the staff was mostly family — at one point just Vazquez , Maritza , and a niece ran the two trucks — but as Veracruz All Natural has expanded so has the staff , many of them immigrants . Vazquez , who is no longer undocumented , closed all Veracruz All Natural locations on the Day Without Immigrants in February to support her staff and acknowledge her own role as an immigrant success story . ( This arc is the subject of a Veracruz All Natural documentary she and Myers submitted to Austin tech/film festival South by Southwest . ) At the new Austin restaurant , Vazquez will be teaching her team to make new dishes . The North Austin location offers a full menu of breakfast and other tacos along with appetizers , plates like chilaquiles and enchiladas , and picadas , a popular breakfast item in Veracruz . “ Now that we have a bigger kitchen , we can do all those things , ” Vazquez says . “ I love to give people the opportunity to try new things . ” With the goal of an Austin restaurant achieved , Vazquez says she ’s done expanding — for now . “ Now it ’s time to just work on what we have and focus on making it better . ” Ca n't get enough of Eater ? Enter your email address Zip or postal code By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy and European users agree to the data transfer policy .	How the Sisters Behind Austin ’s Favorite Taco Truck Finally Opened a Restaurant
Brazil 's economy grew 0.1 percent in the third quarter of 2017 , the third consecutive quarterly increase in output but below expectations , official figures out Friday showed.A Bloomberg survey of 31 economists ahead of the figures released by the IGBE state statistics office predicted a 0.3 percent growth over the previous quarter.Friday 's figures , however , show a 1.4 percent growth when compared to the third quarter of 2016 . After years of torrid growth , Brazil sank into its worst recession in history , which saw GDP shrink 3.5 percent in both 2015 and 2016 . ( The IGBE on Friday revised the 2016 figure down from 3.6 percent ) . Updated IGBE figures also show that Brazil 's economy grew 1.3 percent in the first quarter , and 0.7 percent in the second quarter.In the first nine months of 2017 , the economy grew 0.6 percent compared to the same period in 2016 , figures showed.Market traders are expecting a 0.73 percent growth rate in 2017 , and a 2.59 percent growth in 2018 , according to the latest Central Bank survey.The weak third quarter growth rate has political consequences ahead of the unpredictable October 2018 presidential and legislative elections.So far , polls have been dominated by leftwinger Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , a two-term ex-president who has been convicted of corruption . Some way behind him in second place is rightwing firebrand and former army officer Jair Bolsonaro.Brazil 's deeply unpopular president , Michel Temer , will not be running for office.The mood is firmly anti-establishment . But if the economy recovers enough , analysts say , voters might be less keen to go for radical options.They might instead put their faith in more centrist candidates espousing a continuation of market reforms that Temer pushed .	Anemic 3rd quarter growth dissapoints in Brazil
Becoming a great software or web developer requires both programing and soft skills ; pure coding skill will only get you so far . If you ’ve been studying relentlessly , adding to your skills daily , and doing everything you can to learn more — yet still not achieving that next career step — then it might be your soft skills are to blame.While your hard skills ( those programing skills you ’re working so hard to master ) will largely determine if you can perform specific tasks , your soft skills will demonstrate whether your personality and working style will be a benefit to the team.What Are Soft Skills And Why Do They Matter?Your soft skills are the intangible , non-technical abilities that you bring to the table . They are rooted in your personality , but can also be improved with practice and training . They affect the way you work and how you relate to and help others.Soft skills are essential regardless of whether you ’re trying to get your foot on that first slippery run of the career ladder or a seasoned veteran aiming to get that next promotion . Employers filling graduate or entry-level jobs will often prefer candidates with strong soft skills because they know they have the potential to develop . As you progress and take up a management role , you ’ll use your soft skills more to help you lead others.Team WorkOften , you develop your hard skills in isolation . You spend hours sitting alone , working on projects , and learning more . But , companies rarely hire people to sit in a room and work alone . They hire people who are going to join and contribute to a team , working with others collaboratively to meet a common goal.Your ability to work as part of a team depends on several other soft skills , including communication , and will significantly affect your suitability for many jobs.CommunicationStart a new job , and it wo n’t be long before your inbox is full of emails and your calendar with meetings . Good communicators know when to talk , when to listen , and how to speak to their audience.To be effective , you ’ll need to be comfortable communicating with your peers , your superiors , and your clients . Each might require a slightly different approach : you would n’t explain something to a non-technical client in the same way you ’d discuss it with a colleague.Stress ManagementTough deadlines , tricky problems , and a culture that values busyness as a sign of success ; it ’s no wonder that some coders find themselves getting stressed . Although you should avoid any job that constantly puts you under strain , it ’s rare that you ’ll feel no pressure.Managing your stress levels is important for your happiness , your health , and to ensure you can contribute effectively to your team at all times.TeachabilityYou ’ve already demonstrated that you love to learn by learning how to code , but your education wo n’t stop there . If you choose to pursue a career in programing , you ’ll need to be constantly expanding your skills and learning new things.You wo n’t just learn from online courses either ; you ’ll be expected to learn from your colleagues and superiors . Teachable people readily admit they do n’t yet know everything and are comfortable with learning from others around them , including both their superiors and direct reports.Teaching and Knowledge SharingBecause a significant amount of learning happens on the job , programers who can also teach others are invaluable . You need to be able to pass on your knowledge in a way that is constructive , avoiding criticism and condescension.It ’s one thing to teach someone in a formal setting , and another to come alongside a team member who is struggling and help them to improve without undermining them.Did you find this article helpful ? Share it so your coder friends can benefit from it too .	These five Essential Soft Skills Will Help Your Programing Career Flourish
Campbell Soup Co. is testing an online service that will deliver soups to customers ’ homes , part of an effort by the 148-year-old food giant to shake off a sales slump and update its business model.The Camden , New Jersey-based company will begin a pilot test of the program next month , shipping out containers of premium soups that consumers can heat up at home . Campbell also has been working on a “ crafted ” soup with ingredients from New Jersey and Pennsylvania , an attempt to adapt to millennials ’ taste for fresher , locally sourced ingredients.It ’s all part of a push to overhaul the way Campbell does business , according to Mike Paul , a vice president tasked with leading “ disruptive innovation ” at the company . Campbell has a problem to solve : Grocery shoppers have been gravitating to the outer perimeter of supermarkets , where the fresh food is typically kept . That ’s been bad for canned soup and other so-called consumer-packaged goods , which are stocked in the middle of stores . “ As a company , our goal is to reinvent the center of the store -- which includes soup but it ’s much more , ” Paul said . “ My team is really interested in challenging the conventional CPG model and experimenting with how products are developed , how brands are born and how we go to market . ” Seeking GrowthPaul ’s team was set up to operate like a startup within Campbell , a company in need of rejuvenation . It has n’t posted quarterly sales growth since 2014 , and efforts to offer more fresh food have largely fallen flat.Campbell also is under more pressure following the takeover of Whole Foods by Amazon.com Inc. , a deal that fueled pessimism about large food companies and their ability to adapt to consumer tastes . On the day the transaction was announced , Campbell and other grocery players saw their stocks tank . Its shares have fallen a total of 19 percent this year . Campbell has made previous attempts to broaden its image . In July , the company announced a $ 700 million deal to buy Pacific Foods of Oregon , which makes organic soup and broth . It also invested $ 10 million in the meal-kit startup Chef ’d earlier this year . Through that partnership , Campbell has started touting recipes that feature its products.With the locally sourced soups , the idea is to sell them in glass jars , helping the product stand out from the typical canned fare . But other efforts have n’t gone smoothly . Campbell ’s carrot-farming operations , which it acquired in the 2012 purchase of Bolthouse Farms , have weighed on results.Paul ’s team is hoping to start fresh with a series of small-scale projects -- then see what works . “ We work on early-stage development , ” he said , “ with a test-and-learn mindset . ”	Campbell Is Testing Online Soup Delivery
Following years of complaints by users , Google is cracking down on Android apps that show shady ads on your lock screen , according to a new developer policy spotted by Android Police . That includes very popular ones like ES File Explorer , which has over 100 million downloads to date . They often force annoying , obtrusive and even spyware ads to pop up for games , iffy anti-virus tools and other dreck . Google is letting some apps continue to display ads , however . " Unless the exclusive purpose of the app is that of a lock screen , apps may not introduce ads or features that monetize the locked display of a device , " the new developer policy note reads . In other words , if the express purpose of the app is to be a lock screen , it can continue to annoy you with ads.Last year , users on Reddit went so far as to build a spreadsheet of apps that exhibit the behavior , which includes the Go suite of apps ( Weather , Keyboard , etc . ) , ES File Explorer , HiFont and 360security . On a Reddit post about the new policy ( with over 1,400 comments ) , users noted that even smartphone manufacturers like Samsung have pre-installed apps that exhibited the behavior . Bad ads have become a scourge across Google products , and the search giant said it removed over two billion of them last year . Apps that are deceptive , disruptive , inappropriate or interfere with apps or device functionality and banned from the store . Google introduce Play Protect early this year in an effort to curb the problem , but a lot of shady stuff still gets through . GoogleThis article originally appeared on Engadget at https://www.engadget.com/2017/12/01/google-play-bans-apps-with-lockscreen-ads/	Google cracks down on apps with shady lock screen ads
LIVE Halifax More Streams A Nova Scotia man is unhappy that Bell Aliant wo n't be accepting cash or cheque payments at its stores beginning Jan. 1 , 2018 . Instead , the company will only accept payment by debit and credit card . " It 's difficult to understand how legal tender is not good for business these days and my concern is for those who perhaps do n't have a credit card or a debit card and the inconveniences this will cause them , " said Maurice Rees , the publisher of The Shoreline Journal , a monthly paper in Bass River , N.S. More than half of all sales in Canada still done in cash , Bank of Canada survey finds He thinks the changes will impact seniors in particular . For people looking to pay by cash , they can still do so at their bank , while cheques can be mailed directly to Bell . Rees does n't think that 's good enough . " That would pay off your bill , but I still do n't think it 's fair and it certainly is n't good customer service , " he said . Why Bell is making the change A Bell spokesperson said the popularity of electronic payments and a " significant decrease " in cash payments is behind the decision . Isabelle Boulet said by email the change will help Bell streamline its payment processes . Rees said the new measures wo n't affect him because he makes bill payments online or at his bank , but he 's worried about what it will mean for other people . " How much more do customers have to be told that they ca n't do it the way that they would prefer and big business is going to do it another way ? " he said . Retailers do n't have to accept cash According to the Bank of Canada 's website , while banknotes ( bills ) are classified as legal tender , a retailer does n't have to accept them " because both parties must agree on the payment method . The fact that banknotes are legal tender does not mean that there is a legal obligation to accept them . " Is cash still king nationwide ? A Bank of Canada report released last month found that across all types of merchants , 51 per cent of all transactions were conducted in cash in 2015 . That compares with 31 per cent for debit and 19 per cent for credit cards . ( The bank cautions that " percentages may not always add up to 100 per cent because of rounding . " )	Cash will no longer be king at Bell Aliant stores come the new year
By Joanna Fitzgerald | Director of the von Arx Wildlife HospitalAn anhinga was among the 41 animals admitted to the von Arx Wildlife Hospital at the Conservancy of Southwest Florida this past week.Hospital staff received a call about an anhinga hanging from a tree by its beak . The anhinga had become entangled in rope and was hanging 10 feet from shore over the water on Lantern Lake in Port Royal . Wildlife hospital staff member Lauren Barkley and Wildlife Intern McKenna Kels were dispatched due to the difficult nature of a water rescue.Once staff arrived on scene , they could see the anhinga was still alive but obviously in distress . Wildlife Volunteer Tim Thompson coordinated with staff and brought his paddleboard to aid in the rescue.Lauren and McKenna paddled out to the bird , cut the rope and freed the anhinga . The anhinga was brought to the Conservancy to assess her condition.The anhinga was extremely lucky and had n’t suffered any significant injuries while hanging from the tree . Staff administered arnica tincture and Chinese herbs and placed the anhinga in the bird room in the hospital to rest.The following day the anhinga was alert , responsive and active and cleared for release.Anhingas have serrated edges on their beaks which helps them hunt fish but sadly , the serrated edges also allows for man-made debris such as carpet remnants , rope , netting , and mesh bags to get entangled in the serrations.Once entangled , it is impossible for the anhinga to free itself from the debris . Anhingas are often found hanging from trees after their beaks become entangled in rope ; many times the birds do not survive the trauma.How You Can HelpPlease , dispose of trash in appropriate receptacles . Doing so can eliminate injuries and death to unsuspecting wildlife . Picking up litter such as pieces of rope , discarded monofilament line , soda cans , plastic six pack rings and straws may save an animal ’s life.Recent ReleasesA laughing gull , two eastern cottontails , a common yellowthroat , a red-eyed vireo , four grey squirrels , an eastern screech owl and two Florida box turtles were released this past week.Opportunities to HelpVisit the Conservancy website at www.conservancy.org to see a list of all the amazing volunteer opportunities at the Conservancy of Southwest Florida . If you are back in Naples for season , please consider getting involved in our conservation efforts . Your volunteer time , memberships and donations are truly vital in helping us continue our work to protect Southwest Florida ’s water , land , wildlife and future.Joanna Fitzgerald is director of the von Arx Wildlife Hospital at the Conservancy of Southwest Florida . Call 239 – 262 – 2273 or see conservancy.org.Anhinga Release	Anhinga found hanging from a rope
5 Local Spots : Pumpkin Spice “ Latternatives ” ( Dec. 1st ) Real friends do n’t let friends go out to non-local spots ! With December officially upon us , the need to stay cozy in NYC is real and present . But instead of running for your nearest Starbucks , consider these 5 fantastic local coffee spots throughout the city ! Each a local “ latternative ” ( Latte-alternative , get it ? ) and every bit as cozy . Love them or disagree entirely ? looking for more recs ? join the NYC Locasaur FB Group to share and ask for local recs , and exclusive video content of local spots . _______________________________________________________________ “ I need a place to break the endless cycle of “ meeting for coffee ” at Starbucks . Give me something unique ! ” Ground Support Coffee — 399 W Broadway , SoHo | FacebookIn the very High-Key neighborhood of SoHo , Ground Support is a decidedly low-key coffee shop . The communal tables , outdoor benches and natural lighting all lend themselves to a wonderful laid-back ambiance . With a nice selection of light snacks and large coffee list , Ground Support is an awesome alternative to meeting at yet another Starbucks , just be sure to get there a few minutes early , the place can fill up ! Great for : Coffee Meetings , Small Bites “ What about something a little less casual ? Not every coffee needs to have a meeting attached to it Simon ! ” We ’re big fans of Rose &amp; Basil , and they ’ve appeared on our lists before , but we could n’t leave them off this one ! R&amp;B is delicious to eat at and charming to visit . The space inside is clean and inviting with a flowery motif , and the cafe has one of the East Village ’s cutest street-side seating displays . When you visit during the day , treat yourself to a coffee and some of the unique pastries offered . But go at night and R&amp;B turns into a dessert and wine bar that makes for the perfect jumping off point for any night in the East Village . In either case , be on the lookout for Chiara , an adorable Frenchie with a rather large Instagram following ( especially for a dog ) , @chiaralafrancine ! Great for : Starting the Night , Dessert Treats , Casual Conversations “ Ok , Super cute place I admit , what if I ’m in a hurry ? I need to be in and out , but I know you ’d #localshame me if showed up with Starbucks . ” Merriweather is just up the street from our Locasaur office and a tall coffee is the frequent goal for many a neighborhood jaunt ! Merriweather is named for a beach in Australia , where founder Pete is from , and the team consistently delivers wonderful Aussie-hospitality . All together , It ’s a classically cozy West Village hub with side walk benches to enjoy the crisp fall air and Hudson St people watching . Great for : Quick Cups , Coffee Meetings “ Confession time : I ’m one of those people who does n’t need any reason to visit a great coffee shop . Where can I just go with friends and relax ? ” Hungarian Pasty Shop has long been a neighborhood favorite , and a favorite for the Locasaur team since our time at Columbia ! The dimly lit space is usually filled with regulars and students from the nearby university chatting or catching up on reading . The display cases are filled with delicious-looking Eastern European treats , and the cappuccinos are excellent , but if you ’re planning on posting up here for a bit , be warned : this is the rare coffee shop that comes WiFi free . It ’s definitely worth a visit , however , and the sidewalk seating features great people watching and views of the nearby Church — St. John the Divine . Also , word on the street is that it ’s becoming a fantastic hangover rendezvous point for a certain group of recent Columbia graduates ( if you ’re reading this , you know who you are ) . Great for : Quick Bites , Groups , Reading , No-WiFi Zone “ All good spots so far ! But where ’s the real hidden gem ? Give me something that I definitely do n’t know about yet . ” Hamilton ’s is truly a neighborhood space ! It ’s a combination bakery , coffeeshop , and occasional live music venue , that is warm and homey no matter what iteration it ’s in . The pastries , coffee and lunch items fuel the quiet ramble of work and conversation at the small tables , and you get the feeling that many locals consider the space an extension of their own homes . While going northbound might not be the sexy option , upper Manhattan ( and especially Hamilton Heights ) is absolutely littered with local spots that are absolutely worth checking out . Hamilton ’s Bakery is a great example . Great for : Live Music , Casual Conversation , WorkspaceLocasaur is a mobile app to find , support , and interact with authentic local businesses ! Join our locally-minded community at Locasaur.com , and say hi anytime at simon@locasaur.com or on Twitter / Instagram	5 Local Spots : Pumpkin Spice “ Latternatives ”
BORDEAUX ( AFP ) - After years of playing cat-and-mouse with police , a man who punctured the tyres of thousands of cars around the southwestern French city of Bordeaux has finally been apprehended.The 45-year-old , arrested Wednesday , carried out his campaign of vandalism for six years , planning his nocturnal puncturing trips with the precision of a thief preparing a bank heist.The man , who has yet to be named , told police he acted in anger against society.He has slashed up to 70 tyres a night since 2011 , choosing neighbourhoods at random around the port city to stay one step ahead of the police.By his own estimate , the unemployed " serial puncturer " -- a nickname he gave himself -- vandalised 6,000 cars around the French wine capital , a figure deemed by police to be " credible " . Investigators said they breathed a " huge sigh of relief " following the capture of a suspect they have been chasing since 2014 after realising they were dealing with a serial offender.He had made their life difficult by leaving no DNA evidence and stealthily avoiding CCTV cameras , keeping deliberately irregular hours and routes to throw them off the scent.What 's more , he often punctured the tyres gently so that they deflated slowly , making it even harder to track his movements . " It might seem like something to laugh about , " Bordeaux prosecutor Marie-Madeleine Alliot acknowledged Thursday.But it was no laughing matter for residents who woke up to find their tyres slashed -- or for authorities who were handed 1,100 complaints , including from one hapless motorist who was hit six times . - Coded notebook - The culprit meticulously planned his targets in a notebook in which he included details of CCTV cameras to avoid and scheduling his exploits all the way up to December next year.He even wrote in code , inverting house numbers to confuse potential readers.He would set off under the cover of darkness , often striking between 2:00 am and 5:00 am before taking the first tram home , said Nicolas Perez , the police officer leading the inquiry.It was a photo taken by a resident that finally allowed police to catch up with him.He was arrested at 2:00 am on Wednesday as he was heading out on one of his usual excursions , and quickly admitted to his crimes.The full motives of the tyre puncturer , who has no criminal record , have yet to be unravelled.But initial inquiries suggested an " obsessive and solitary personality " , Alliot said.Police said he expressed bitterness towards society and a desire for " revenge " after being mistreated as a child.He appears to have been inspired by a cobbler 's puncturing tool he found in the street in 2011 . " He wanted to be noticed , to feel like he was being heard , " said deputy prosecutor Jean-Claude Belot , noting that the puncturer enjoyed reading press coverage of his antics.He has been charged with wilful damage to private property for which he could face up to two years in jail and a 300,000 euro ( $ 357,000 ) fine . His trial has been set for May 18 . by Philippe BERNES-LASSERRE	Busted : The French tyre-slasher who hit 6,000 cars
The Russian Navy ’s newest frigate , armed with cruise missiles , has set sail for the Mediterranean , joining two submarines already patrolling waters off the coast of Syria , a naval commander said . Missile frigate ‘ Admiral Grigorovich ’ is heading for the Mediterranean , Admiral Igor Vitko , commander of the Russian Navy ’s Black Sea Fleet , told Krasnaya Zvesda ( Red Star ) newspaper on Friday . Earlier in the day , Black Sea Fleet spokesman Vyacheslav Trukhachev told RIA Novosti that the frigate set sail from a naval base in Sevastopol . He said ‘ Admiral Grigorovich ’ is expected to join the Navy ’s task force in the Mediterranean by December 2 . ‘ Admiral Grigorovich ’ is the lead ship of her class , built for the Russian Navy in recent years . It is armed with Kalibr-NK cruise missiles , Shtil-1 anti-aircraft missile system , a 100 mm nose cannon , and torpedoes . The frigate is also capable of launching Ka-27 or Ka-31 helicopters from her helipad on the rear deck . Deployed several times to the Eastern Mediterranean , the ship saw action against Islamic State ( IS , formerly ISIS ) earlier this year , targeting the terrorist group ’s ammunition depots , command centers and personnel . In November 2016 , the vessel , alongside the ‘ Admiral Kuznetsov ’ aircraft carrier , took part in a large-scale operation against IS and Al-Nusra Front in Syria , firing missiles at terrorist targets . The news follows official statements that announced Russian military withdrawal from Syria . On Thursday , Nikolay Patrushev , the head of the National Security Council , said Russia had started preparations to downsize its military presence in the country . He did not provide a timetable for the withdrawal , saying it would commence “ when ready . ” Russia deployed troops in Syria following a request from Damascus in 2015 , citing the threat of terrorist forces taking over the country . Russia ’s help allowed the Syrian Arab Army to turn the tide and secure large swaths of land previously held by the jihadists .	Russia ’s cruise missile-capable frigate sets sail for Mediterranean – Navy chief
President Trump 's campaign adviser and former top national security official will plead guilty to a single charge of lying to the FBI . Michael Flynn was fired after less than a month in the National Security Adviser post following revelations he lied to Vice President Mike Pence about a conversation with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . It now appears he also lied to federal law enforcement agents . The guilty plea suggests that Flynn has agreed to cooperate with Special Counsel Robert Mueller 's investigation into whether members of the president 's campaign colluded with Russian officials to influence the 2016 election . It follows on news last week that Flynn 's lawyers would no longer share information with Trump 's legal team.Here is a readout of the charges : Just in : Robert Mueller has charged former Trump national security advisor Michael Flynn with “ willfully and knowingly ” making “ false , fictitious and fraudulent statements ” to the FBI regarding conversations with Russia ’s ambassador . pic.twitter.com/WqvDmytYiZ— David Wright ( @DavidWright_CNN ) December 1 , 2017 This post will be updated .	Michael Flynn Is Almost Certainly Cooperating with Robert Mueller
Fool me once , Mr. President.Back in the spring , the director of the Office of Management and Budget , Mick Mulvaney , talked as if the administration would welcome a government shutdown , and Donald Trump tweeted about it . I concluded that the chances of the government closing its doors had gone way up , because , after all , extended shutdowns have only happened when one side wants them to happen . I still did n't think it was likely , but I did think it was a possibility.Well , it did n't happen then , when Congress and the president had to fund the rest of fiscal-year 2017 . And it did n't happen in September , the original deadline for funding fiscal-year 2018 -- they kicked the can down the road . And now we 're a week away from the Dec. 8 deadline , and the president is once again musing about how he could be helped politically if there 's an impasse . I did tweet out a reminder that shutdowns require someone who wants it to happen , but on reflection ? I 'm not biting this time . At least , mostly not . Why not ? Because I very much doubt that most House and Senate Republicans want a shutdown , and I do n't think congressional Democrats do , either . So they 'll probably reach a deal , although it may take more than one more short-term continuing resolution , stretching into January or February or even March , to get it done . If they do , Trump will probably sign whatever they come up with , whether it contains his priorities or not.That still leaves a long way to go . The basic situation is simple . If Republicans could muster 218 votes in the House ( where they have currently have 240 members ) and at least 50 of their 52 senators plus the vice president for a funding bill , then Democrats would have minimal leverage . The minority party could still filibuster in the Senate , requiring Republicans to reach 60 votes . But while technically Democrats could stop any regular bill that way and force Republicans to make concessions , in reality it would be politically very difficult to force and maintain a shutdown supported by only a minority in the Senate . Even if the cause was popular ( such as more money for favorite government programs or restoring the protections under DACA ) , and even with a very unpopular president , most neutral observers would blame an obstructing minority for the train wreck . But it appears that Republicans do n't have 218 votes in the House thanks to defections from the House Freedom Caucus and others , and they may not have 50 in the Senate . That flips things entirely . If Republicans need Democratic votes just to achieve a simple majority , then Democrats have plenty of leverage indeed . Republicans ca n't reasonably expect Democrats to vote for a Republican bill , after all ; they need to get to 218 and 50 by compromising . The limit of the Democrats ' leverage is basically defined by whatever it would take for Republican dissidents to back the Republican bill after all rather than allowing a bipartisan bill to pass , and that runs up against some Republicans who just refuse to vote for spending bills at all . So Democrats can ask for quite a lot , and if Republicans refuse and allow the government to shut down , most neutral observers would blame the party that holds the presidency and controls the House and Senate . A more complicated question is which party would eventually object to short-term spending bills to keep the government running while negotiations go nowhere . On the one hand , a " clean " continuing resolution keeping everything funded at the same levels prevents the majority party from getting anything done . On the other hand , Democrats want a resolution on the " Dreamers " before Trump cuts off the program in March , although a short-term fix for that or any other demand with a deadline is at least a possibility . So many cans to kick down so many roads!As of now , Republicans are already preparing the first of these short-term funding bills ( or second , if you count the longer one passed in September ) , extending the shutdown deadline to Dec. 22 . I have no idea whether they can reach a deal in the next two weeks , but if they do n't , I 'd be shocked if they do n't just push the deadline to some point in January . But neither side has any real incentive to shut down the government , because neither side would expect to get a better final deal with the government closed than with the government open . As for the guy at the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue muttering about how much he 'd love a big confrontation ? If anything , his comments serve to undermine the Republican position , since one of the easiest ways for the " neutral " media to assign blame is to spot the politician who said he wanted a shutdown . Which , perversely , increases everyone 's certainty about what would happen if the government did shut down -- which makes miscalculation even less likely . Meanwhile , members of Congress from both parties will treat Trump as if he 'll sign whatever they send him , and they 'll probably be right . 1 . Sarah Binder at the Monkey Cage on the costs of using reconciliation and other thoughts on the procedures being used for the tax bill . 2 . Molly Reynolds on House committee chair term limits and Republican retirements . 4 . Kyle Kondik at the Crystal Ball looks at the 2018 midterms . 6 . Greg Sargent on the tax bill and Trump 's campaign promises . 7 . And Sam Levine on the state of the census .	Nobody Wins If the Government Shuts Down
2017 was the year of Influencer Marketing , no one could ignore this skyrocketing buzzword , and neither can CMOs nowadays.While Influencer-Marketing budgets in 2018 will increase massively , the end-users will see a dramatic change in their social-media feed appearance.There is a huge potential in advertising and recommending through social media influencers with redemption rates up to 45 % in consumer goods , but achieving those metrics marketers have to understand the do ’s and do n’ts of this particular market.So , instead of forming those upcoming massive invests into massive sales-outcomes , brands and advertisers will discover a bad awakening in addition with a never seen intransparency in their ROI.But what are the reasons and how to improve?You fail to find the fitting influencer.So , we know that there will be massive influencer-marketing budgets in 2018 , especially from companies who have never ever touched good advertising on social media — although they are not even able to manage their own social media account , they will invest millions of dollars into this skyrocketing buzzword.Most of the time the marketing horror story begins with the wrong choice of influencers you want to be part of your campaign , because you consider the wrong indicators while screening influencers that could be a fit for you.It may be possible that you will invest your money into someone who wo n’t reach potential buyers or even worse you invest into someone who dilutes his broad audience with fake followers to negotiate a higher fee . That leads to an essential bottom line : An extraordinary follower-base is often expensive and ineffective . Nowadays you need to watch out for suspicious interaction rates — fake followers and bought interactions are as easily to get s never before.More importantly watch for small influencers that really hit your target costumer group , and is a potential customer himself ! The best salesman is the one who knows and loves his product , so make sure you do not flood the market with product placements that do n’t match the influencer.Creative control will kill your ROI.It can get even worse if you provide strict regulations . Of course , you stay in most of control of what is happening with your campaign and product-presentation but in return you enforce a bad feeling of responsibility onto your influencer to do exactly what you want . But in exchange you get exactly what you do not want : Forced advertisement . Even small external changes in the produced content of an influencer are noticed by the loyal followers you try to reach.So instead of providing massive guidelines about the presented location of your product and the added post description , you need to let the influencer work his own creative way to figure out how to implement your product perfectly into his social media profile . Moreover , he is the one who knows best how to reach his audience . You want your customers to trust your influencer , so trust him yourself!You do not measure.Even worse , all that money going into paid product-placements ends up with no accurate debriefing and even if you want to measure your ROI on that specific influencer to watch out for what worked and what did not , conversions and the point of sale ( POS ) are hard to trace.This turns out to be most likely a general problem of the market . Beginners of influencer marketing often ca n’t measure conversions and still handle influencer-marketing as sort of a trial where they can fire-up budgets and try to reconstruct what happened , in retrospective.SummaryTo sum it up ; there is a huge strength and potential in the sales power of social media influencers due to a massive demand in authenticity of the younger generation . Those digital natives are raised in a world of performance based marketing but are still mostly influenced by people . There is still a big need of personal recommendation and selling ; nowadays even in a scalable way.So , we will have to dramatically rethink sales and marketing techniques targeting this audience.Considering this , advisers and marketers who understand the correlations of social-media based influence , authenticity and recommendation systems have performed strong and furthermore will perform stronger in the years to come . Those who not , will miss the opportunity to advertise on this upcoming digital natives , especially in times of the decreasing importance of a standardized glossy ad and exponentially an increasing significance of authenticity and individual expressions .	Why The Majority Of Influencer-Marketing-campaigns Fail . And Why Your Campaign Is Probably Shitty , Too .
College football ’s Boca Raton Bowl — played in Boca Raton — has a new title sponsor . The game is now known as the Cheribundi Tart Cherry Boca Raton Bowl . What is Cheribundi ? Cheribundi is a not-from-concentrate tart cherry juice made from a proprietary juicing process developed by scientists at Cornell University to yield peak antioxidant levels . 200 NCAA and professional sports teams , plus thousands of elite and amateur athletes , are using Cheribundi for faster muscle recovery , better sleep , and increased stamina . Teams that use Cheribundi include the New England Patriots , Cleveland Cavaliers , New York Yankees , University of Alabama , University of Texas , Chicago Blackhawks , and the U.S. Women ’s National Soccer Team . Regular consumption of tart cherry juice is reported to reduce post-exercise muscle soreness and speed up recovery after exercise . Tart cherries also contain significant levels of melatonin that is believed to promote deeper , more restful sleep . Cheribundi tart cherry juice products are available nationwide in grocery , natural , and specialty retailers , including Publix , Safeway , Kroger , Target , Wegmans , Whole Foods , Wal-Mart , HEB , Meijer , Costco , Rite Aid , Food Lion , and online at Amazon.com . Who was the old title sponsor ? Marmot sponsored in 2015 . I have a Marmot fleece . Is this now the best bowl game sponsorship ? Well , it ’s not the BAD BOY MOWERS GASPARILLA BOWL , but it ’s good . When ’s the game , btw ? Dec. 19 at 7 p.m. ET . It ’s at FAU Stadium , the home of , uh , FAU .	College football ’s Boca Raton Bowl is henceforth called the the CHERIBUNDI TART CHERRY BOCA RATON BOWL
Time Warner ’s Turner cable group and digital-media firm Refinery29 are jointly hosting a two-day comedy writing workshop this weekend aiming to nurture new comedic female voices . The Riot Comedy Lab , taking place Dec. 2-3 in New York , will bring eight emerging women comedy creators together with mentors from the TV comedy world to provide feedback on their series concepts . At the end of lab , Refinery 29 and Turner will pick one web series idea for the creation of a pilot episode , to be distributed on TBS ’s digital platforms — with the potential for it to be picked up as a full series on TV . The mentors for the Riot Comedy Lab are : Sasheer Zamata , former “ Saturday Night Live ” cast member ; Ashley Nicole Black , writer for TBS ’s “ Full Frontal with Samantha Bee ” ; Lakshmi Sundaram , writer-producer for Fox ’s “ Brooklyn Nine-Nine ” ; and Meredith Scardino , former writer on “ The Colbert Report . ” Refinery29 targets a millennial female audience . It launched the Riot comedy channel about a year ago , and since then has worked with more than 100 women in comedy . “ When we launched Riot , we made it our mission to identify , support , and amplify up-and-coming female comedic talent , ” said Amy Emmerich , Refinery29 ’s chief content officer . “ And now , we ’re so excited to work with TBS and some of the brightest stars in comedy to create a space to develop this group of emerging voices . ” The eight participants in the Riot Comedy Lab — selected from 243 entries submitted by female comedy writers — are : Jonterri Gadson ; Kim Blanck ; Andrea Simons ; Christina Anthony ; Ariana Seigel ; Susannah Bohlke ; Atsuko Okatsuka ; and Fareeha Khan . Refinery29 said it will create additional content out of the lab , including testimonials , behind-the-scenes footage and an “ Advice to My Younger Self ” video , which will be distributed on its channels . Separately , YouTube has launched a female-comedy production program in partnership with Elizabeth Banks and her digital-media company , WhoHaHa . Under the program , YouTube and WhoHaha are mentoring around 100 women comedy creators around the globe .	Turner , Refinery29 Host Women ’s Comedy Writers Lab , With Winner Getting TBS Digital Pilot
China Telecom Bestpay , a wholly owned subsidiary of China Telecom Corp committed to mobile payment , announced Thursday plans to invest 10 billion yuan ( $ 1.5 billion ) in resources to boost its presence in the fast-growing market.The company announced its marketing plan , which is aimed to reduce marketing costs and increasing revenue for Bestpay 's business partners . The plan will cover payment services , resource sharing and integrated marketing , according to Chen Yiwen , vice-general manager of the company.According to the plan , China Telecom Bestpay will promote its payment service with a cheaper service fee and provide its partners a more user-friendly experience . China Telecom Bestpay will vary its service to different partners based on itheir business sizes , brands and revenues.China Telecom Bestpay will achieve full resource sharing with its business partners in customer information , channels , risk management and big data , creating a leverage effect regarding branding and marketing.In terms of integrated marketing , China Telecom Bestpay offered online and offline users a certain amount off in transactions through its product Bestpay , a third-party payment platform . Up to January 2016 , the app had attracted over 290 million users and became the third-largest payment platform operator following Alipay and Wechat.China Telecom Bestpay 's business partners cover a wide range of industries including e-commerce giants like JD.Com Inc and retailers like Familymart.The company now has services covering nearly 400 major cities across the nation with over 3 million offline business partners and 150 online e-commerce platforms , according to Chen .	China Telecom Bestpay to boost presence in mobile payment
The cup had no tea to lure a mouth to its lip . The cup was made of porcelain and had been painted a fancy pattern . The pattern had not faded and the cup was still a favorite of Ruth who was the mother . But Ruth had not risen from her bed . But someone had put the cup on the table but had put no tea to lure a mouth to its bottom.The cup had been touched by many hands by many lips by many mouths by whiskers and sometimes by the cheek for a hot cup could warm the cheek.Ruth was waking . Ruth would wake not at once but by stages . You would think that all people would either wake all at once or not at all but that was not true at least for Ruth . For Ruth at first became roughly half-awake and the dreams she had when fully asleep were still swirling about her head like smoke or dew . But this did not last long and Ruth awoke completely . But can anyone awake completely?Ruth wore a nightshirt and she tossed it off with much cheer and she looked at her paintings that she had hung and framed herself all over the western wall of her bedroom.Ruth was married but slept apart from her husband and the husband slept in his own room a floor below her . But he could still disturb her if he wanted to , for example by banging on the ceiling . That was one reason that Ruth never called him what she wanted to call him and she turned on the stove for the teapot.Too bad the cup had no soul or the cup would be very excited indeed for aside from heating the water Ruth was preparing the tea . And this was no ordinary tea.Ruth would n’t share the tea . But they could make their own if they wanted to .	The Cup and the Tea
LIVE Ottawa More Streams People who rely on Gatineau 's public transit system to get around can expect to pay more in the new year . The price for a regular monthly adult pass will rise from $ 95 to $ 97 , while the cost of a single ticket will climb from $ 3.75 to $ 3.85 . The rate increase was approved Thursday evening by the Société de transport de l'Outaouais ( STO ) board of directors . It 's the second year in a row the board has approved a rate increase of 1.9 per cent . STO 's new president , Myriam Nadeau , said the transportation agency is facing rising operating costs . " We have to deal with the annual growth costs that come up , whether it 's in the grocery basket , when we put gas in our car , but also when we take public transit , " she said . The budget also includes includes lower-priced fares for families with limited incomes . It will offer a 30 per cent discount on the monthly pass , and on a prepaid single pass . They 'll cost $ 64 — the same price as students under 20 pay — and $ 2.60 respectively . The STO budget is scheduled to be approved by Gatineau city council on Dec. 18 .	STO to ring in new year with fare hikes
Syrian government negotiators indicated Friday they might not return to continue peace talks in Geneva following a weekend break , condemning " provocative " statements from the opposition about the fate of President Bashar al-Assad . The regime 's chief negotiator Bashar al-Jaafari told reporters in Geneva that his team would go home to Syria on Saturday and that " Damascus will decide " if they will return to the UN-backed talks next Tuesday.His comments came a day after United Nations special envoy Staffan de Mistura voiced optimism about the round of peace talks that began on Tuesday , and said he would extend the negotiations for an additional two weeks.De Mistura told reporters the parties would take a break over the weekend and resume negotiations next Tuesday , with the round of talks expected to last until December 15 . But after meeting with de Mistura Friday , Jaafari said there were " big problems in this round of talks , " pointing to comments from the opposition signalling it was maintaining its hard line on Assad 's removal.The opposition , united in one delegation for the first time , has defied calls to give up on its demand that Assad must step down before any peace deal can be reached . " The language was provocative , irresponsible politically speaking , " Jaafari said , warning that if the opposition delegation sticks to such language " there will be no progress . " " Those who want to impose preconditions are unrealistic , " he said , pointing to shifting conditions on the ground where the government with Russian military support has made major advances . " There is a political reality on the ground . We are the strong party , " he said.The government delegation had initially refused to confirm that it would attend the eight round of UN-backed talks at all , and arrived a day late.The negotiators did finally show up for talks on Wednesday , after reportedly securing key concessions , including keeping Assad 's fate off the table.Syria 's six-year war has claimed more than 340,000 lives , forced millions to flee their homes and left Syria in ruins .	Syria regime unsure it will continue Geneva talks : negotiator
Canada 's economy grew at a much more modest annualized rate of 1.7 percent in the third quarter , as Canadians curbed their spending , the government statistical agency said Friday.Exports fell while imports were flat , business investment weakened , and household outlays pulled back slightly from the previous quarter , said Statistics Canada.The figure was close to the 1.6 percent growth analysts were expecting , after a rate of 4.3 percent ( revised down from 4.5 percent ) was posted in the previous period.But gross domestic product ( GDP ) was half that of its neighbor and biggest trading partner , the United States , which came in at 3.3 percent.The slowdown marks the end of a rally for the Canadian economy that had , until now , lead its peers in the Group of Seven industrialized nations ( G7 ) . " Canadian growth was always poised to cool after a monster first half , and the 1.7 percent pace in Q3 wo n't surprise anyone , " said CIBC Economics analyst Nick Exarhos . " All told , some great numbers on the monthly GDP front , " he said.According to Statistics Canada , exports fell 2.7 percent , mainly attributable to fewer foreign sales of Canadian passenger cars and trucks , mineral products , consumer goods , and energy products.Lower imports of goods was offset by an increase in services.Household consumption grew 1.0 percent , down from 1.2 percent the previous quarter.It was also the first time since the beginning of 2013 that housing investment ( real estate ) fell for two consecutive quarters.Business investment in machinery and equipment , non-residential structures , and intellectual property products , meanwhile , all grew at a slower pace than in the previous quarter.Corporate earnings also weakened .	Canada economic growth slows to 1.7 pct in third quarter
Winter is almost here and there are so many events which people always remain excited to celebrate such as Christmas and New Year . Plus there are so many other personal and professional events which you may want to arrange on a yacht but are only hesitating because its winter season and you do n’t want your guest to curse you for freezing to death . But with some careful planning and wise choices you can arrange a successful yacht party in winter season.Choose a Warmer DestinationNovember to March are the month of winter almost all around the world but you can choose a destination to have your yacht party where it never gets too cold to be out . For instance Dubai . Being a deserted area , Dubai only experiences mild touch of winter and the weather remains pleasant . Also Yacht Rental Dubai services are very famous around the globe for their beautiful and luxurious yachts and their unmatchable services that make sure every things goes as you have planned and ordered.Decide a Suitable MenuWinter is the perfect season to have a rich warm menu of some mouthwatering dishes . Whatever cuisines you choose , you should prefer beef in the protein . While a bit of spice in winters do no harm . Serve stews and soups which are creamy and rich in flavor also consider steak and barbeque in the menu . For vegetarians , try substituting tofu in a traditional winter entree , such as beef stroganoff or lasagna . Alternately , you can serve all-raw fruit and vegetable dishes , which are in vogue in a number of high-end restaurants . Offer a variety of warming drinks , too , like hot chocolate or apple cider with cinnamon sticks , or provide a full coffee bar with mochas , lattes , and cappuccinos to please your guests.Indoor EntertainmentYou might choose your yacht party to be in the closed space therefore you will have to think about some activities indoor which could keep your guest entertained . A theme party is likely to be favored in such environment yet there are other things you can arrange like musical and dance performances , karaoke night an art show and other such activities for a perfect cruise party in Dubai.Some Winter Season PrecautionsWhen you are the host you have the responsibility of the safety and entertainment of your guest . Make sure you have spare pieces of coat and sweater or shawls for people who feel cold or might have forgotten their own uppers . They can help themselves with the hot beverages like coffee and tea that are going to be served there yet be ready for a few souls which are extra sensitive about the weather and you might have to give extra attention to the temperature around them .	Tips To Plan a Winter Yacht Party
atinas are severely under-represented in film — both onscreen and behind the scenes . Among the directors of the top films from 2007 to 2016 , only one was Latina . In addition , Latinas comprised just three percent of characters in the top 100 films of 2016 . So , for this round of crowdfunding picks , we ’re spotlighting projects by and about Latina women.First up is Kayden Phoenix ’s “ Jalisco . ” This short film gives us a Mexican superhero who uses a traditional dance and her wide skirt , with hidden blades , to defeat her enemies . It ’s sure to feed the geek inside every Latina girl just waiting to see herself in the fictional heroes who save the day.Next , Natalie Rodriguez tells an honest , understanding tale about mental health in “ The Extraordinary Ordinary . ” And Anita Collins rounds things off with “ Fate Has No Plan . ” It ’s a journey of self-discovery born out of a mysterious inscription left on the bottom of a pair of old shoes.Here ’s our latest round of women-created and women-centric crowdfunding picks . “ Jalisco ” ( Short ) — Written and Directed by Kayden Phoenix “ Jalisco ”“ Jalisco ” is an opportunity to give little girls a Latina superhero they can connect to . Even though superheroes are all the rave right now , young Latinas still do n’t have a hero ( or heroine ) who reflects Latinx culture or what ’s it like to grow up in Latinx culture.Writer-director Kayden Phoenix ’s idea to have a superhero that embraces her culture ’s clothes and dance is a groundbreaking next step to proper representation . It ’s also a really cool stepping stone for little girls who are just entering the superhero genre and want female-driven content other than “ Wonder Woman . ” You can help fund “ Jalisco ” through its Seed &amp; Spark campaign . “ The Extraordinary Ordinary ” — Written and Directed by Natalie Rodriguez “ The Extraordinary Ordinary ” For “ Extraordinary Ordinary , ” Natalie Rodriguez re-imagined a script she wrote in high school , “ Teenage Wasteland , ” after she started having panic attacks again in her college years . What was born is an honest look at mental health and its related struggles and stigma.Stories like this are hard to come by but are absolutely necessary . It ’s important to show those in need that it ’s okay to seek out help and that they are n’t alone . Rodriguez demonstrates this through the eyes of two college women , one similar to the writer-director herself and coping with panic attacks , and the other struggling through a different trauma . “ The Extraordinary Ordinary ” is a powerful and relatable short film . It ’s all the more necessary since opening up about mental health issues can be especially difficult in Latinx families.Help “ The Extraordinary Ordinary ” tell its story by contributing to its Seed &amp; Spark campaign . “ Fate Has No Plan ” ( Short ) — Written and Directed by Anita Collins “ Fate Has No Plan ”“ Fate Has No Plan ” begins with the discovery of an old pair of shoes and transforms into a journey of self-discovery . The young woman who finds them , complete with an inscription , has a strong need to know more about the person who left the shoes behind . Per usual , when it comes to journeys like this , the person seeking out answers ends up learning about herself in the process.Further , “ Fate Has No Plan ” is based on writer-director Anita Collins ’ own experiences : she , too , actually found shoes belonging to a woman who died in 1880 . You can support the production of “ Fate Has No Plan ” by donating to its Seed &amp; Spark campaign.To be considered for Women and Hollywood ’s biweekly crowdfunding feature , please write to womenandhollywoodinterns@gmail.com . All formats ( features , shorts , web series , etc . ) are welcome . Projects must be by and/or about women .	Latina Directors Amplifying Their Voices : Crowdfunding Picks
How very Christmassy.You may think advent calendars are for chocolate , or if you ’re a traditionalist , opening a window to reveal a pretty picture , but Essex Police have got other ideas.For this year ’s Christmas season , the police in the west of the county are posting a wanted person each day to social media.First up is Tiras Downie , 38 , who is wanted on suspicion of breaching a court order . He has links to Wandsworth and Ipswich . Chief Inspector Richard Baxter said : “ We have a number of people wanted in the west and want to highlight what offences they have committed and why they are wanted . They will have the opportunity to come forward but if they do n’t we will continue our search for them . “ Public appeals for information have previously proved successful and we ’ve chosen the Christmas period to highlight those who are wanted to appeal for help in catching them before Christmas . ” It ’s a bold strategy from the service and reaction has been mixed . If you have any information on individuals featured in the calendar , please call 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .	Essex Police have made an advent calendar of their most wanted suspects
As the bad public relations hits pile up for Derek Jeter and the Marlins , there ’s a new contender for the worst one yet . The Marlins fired a longtime scout who needs a kidney transplant , Yahoo Sports reported . They did so while he was lying in a hospital bed recovering from colon cancer surgery . Marty Scott was let go Oct. 16 , just before his contract was set to expire at the end of the month . He was at the Cleveland Clinic in Weston , Fla . A few days before the bad news , Scott had a cancerous tumor and polyps removed from his colon . Doctors found the cancer while he was undergoing tests for a kidney transplant because he has diabetes . “ Derek Jeter does n’t owe me anything , ” Scott told Yahoo Sports . “ Probably in their hearts they did what they thought was right . I know based on certain aspects of the game , I probably was making too much money . But we all love the game . We ’re all in it together . I just think 40 years was worth more than a spank on the butt and see you later . “ I ’m very hurt . Forty years in baseball , I let a lot of people go . I never , ever fired somebody 10 days , 15 days before their contract was up . If I knew I was going to fire somebody , I did it at the beginning of September . ” A team spokesman told Yahoo Sports the decision was made by president Michael Hill . Neither Jeter nor Hill called Scott to give him the news . Scott said it was pro scouting director Jim Cuthbert who made the call . This is just the latest in a series of moves that the new ownership group fronted by Jeter has made that was each either a bad look or an unpopular decision . They have removed long-tenured members of the franchise , including “ Mr. Marlin ” Jeff Conine . They ’re also trying to trade the best player in franchise history , Giancarlo Stanton , who just won the NL MVP award .	Derek Jeter ’s Marlins fire scout who has cancer and needs kidney
CAMBRIDGE , Mass . -- Plasmas , gas-like collections of ions and electrons , make up an estimated 99 percent of the visible matter in the universe , including the sun , the stars , and the gaseous medium that permeates the space in between . Most of these plasmas , including the solar wind that constantly flows out from the sun and sweeps through the solar system , exist in a turbulent state . How this turbulence works remains a mystery ; it 's one of the most dynamic research areas in plasma physics . Now , two researchers have proposed a new model to explain these dynamic turbulent processes . The findings , by Nuno Loureiro , an associate professor of nuclear science and engineering and of physics at MIT , and Stanislav Boldyrev , a professor of physics at the University of Wisconsin at Madison , are reported today in the Astrophysical Journal . The paper is the third in a series this year explaining key aspects of how these turbulent collections of charged particles behave . " Naturally occurring plasmas in space and astrophysical environments are threaded by magnetic fields and exist in a turbulent state , " Loureiro says . " That is , their structure is highly disordered at all scales : If you zoom in to look more and more closely at the wisps and eddies that make up these materials , you 'll see similar signs of disordered structure at every size level . " And while turbulence is a common and widely studied phenomenon that occurs in all kinds of fluids , the turbulence that happens in plasmas is more difficult to predict because of the added factors of electrical currents and magnetic fields . " Magnetized plasma turbulence is fascinatingly complex and remarkably challenging , " he says . Magnetic reconnection is a complicated phenomenon that Loureiro has been studying in detail for more than a decade . To explain the process , he gives a well-studied example : " If you watch a video of a solar flare " as it arches outward and then collapses back onto the sun 's surface , " that 's magnetic reconnection in action . It 's something that happens on the surface of the sun that leads to explosive releases of energy . " Loureiro 's understanding of this process of magnetic reconnection has provided the basis for the new analysis that can now explain some aspects of turbulence in plasmas . Loureiro and Boldyrev found that magnetic reconnection must play a crucial role in the dynamics of plasma turbulence , an insight that they say fundamentally changes the understanding of the dynamics and properties of space and astrophysical plasmas and " is indeed a conceptual shift in how one thinks about turbulence , " Loureiro says . Existing hypotheses about the dynamics of plasma turbulence " can correctly predict some aspects of what is observed , " he says , but they " lead to inconsistencies . " Loureiro worked with Boldyrev , a leading theorist on plasma turbulence , and the two realized " we can fix this by essentially merging the existing theoretical descriptions of turbulence and magnetic reconnection , " Loureiro explains . As a result , " the picture of turbulence gets conceptually modified and leads to results that more closely match what has been observed by satellites that monitor the solar wind , and many numerical simulations . " Loureiro hastens to add that these results do not prove that the model is correct , but show that it is consistent with existing data . " Further research is definitely needed , " Loureiro says . " The theory makes specific , testable predictions , but these are difficult to check with current simulations and observations . " He adds , " The theory is quite universal , which increases the possibilities for direct tests . " For example , there is some hope that a new NASA mission , the Parker Solar Probe , which is planned for launch next year and will be observing the sun 's corona ( the hot ring of plasma around the sun that is only visible from Earth during a total eclipse ) , could provide the needed evidence . That probe , Loureiro says , will be going closer to the sun than any previous spacecraft , and it should provide the most accurate data on turbulence in the corona so far . Collecting this information is well worth the effort , Loureiro says : " Turbulence plays a critical role in a variety of astrophysical phenomena , " including the flows of matter in the core of planets and stars that generate magnetic fields via a dynamo effect , the transport of material in accretion disks around massive central objects such as black holes , the heating of stellar coronae and winds ( the gases constantly blown away from the surfaces of stars ) , and the generation of structures in the interstellar medium that fills the vast spaces between the stars . " A solid understanding of how turbulence works in a plasma is key to solving these longstanding problems , " he says . He adds , " This work builds on a previous pioneering study published by these authors earlier this year and extends it into a broader realm of collisionless plasmas . This makes the resulting theory directly applicable to more realistic plasma environments found in nature . At the same time , this paper leads to new tantalizing questions about plasma turbulence and reconnection and thus opens new directions of research , hence stimulating future research efforts in space physics and plasma astrophysics . " The research was supported by a CAREER award from the National Science Foundation and the U.S. Department of Energy through the Partnership in Basic Plasma Science and Engineering .	Study sheds light on turbulence in astrophysical plasmas
BERLIN ( AP ) — The Latest on the suspicious device found near a Christmas market in Germany : ( all times local ) : 6:10 p.m.A German security official says the suspicious package destroyed by authorities at a Christmas market in Potsdam contained nails and a powder , but that it 's not yet known whether they part of a real explosive device.Brandenburg state Interior Minister Karl-Heinz Schroeter told reporters at the scene that it would take some time to analyze the powder . He says the package might have been a dummy.Schroeter praised Potsdam police for quickly evacuating the city 's entire Christmas market while the device was secured and then destroyed in a controlled explosion .5 : 50 p.m.German police say they 've destroyed a suspicious object found at a Christmas market in the city of Potsdam that contained either explosives or flammable material.Police spokesman Torsten Herbst said on n-tv that it was not yet clear exactly what the device was made of.The object was found Friday afternoon . Police quickly evacuated the area and brought in experts to carry out a controlled explosion.A truck attack on Berlin 's Christmas market last year killed 12 people .5 : 35 p.m.German police say they 've evacuated a neighborhood in the city of Potsdam after finding a suspicious object near a Christmas market.Potsdam police said they cleared the area around where the object was found on Friday afternoon and are investigating.They said they have not found any explosives but " the investigation continues . " Authorities are taking extra precautions following the attack on Berlin 's Christmas market last year by an Islamic extremist who drove a truck into the crowd , killing 12 people .	The Latest : Suspicious Package in Germany Had Nails , Power
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day , but there 's not need for boring egg on toast . All around the world , people eat comforting , filling meals to start their day . For some countries , breakfast means runny poached eggs with thick Greek yogurt and pita — for others , chocolate-filled pastries . In Asia , noodles are king , and breakfast is no exception . Make jams and spreads ahead of time and keep them in the fridge . Then make breads and pancakes in hundreds of ways . Stateside , we 're comfortable with our oversized bowls of sugary cereal and brown sugar-topped oatmeal , but there 's a whole world of breakfasts out there worth exploring . Here are our favorite breakfast recipes from around the globe . Just add coffee or tea . Any Chinese noodle — rice , wheat , flat , thin , or broad — can be used in this simple stir-fry from author Francis Lam ; it 's one of his favorite breakfast dishes . Get the recipe for Stir-Fried Breakfast Noodles » Matt Taylor-Gross Essentially torn pieces of pancake topped with oozing lingonberry or cranberry sauce , this dessert is a cinch , even for the baking-challenged . Get the recipe for Brown Butter Skillet Cake with Berry Compote ( Kaiserschmarrn ) » Tom Parker The ingredients in this Portuguese casserole make it great for breakfast , lunch , or dinner . Get the recipe for Portuguese Salted Cod , Egg , and Potato Baked Casserole » Matt Taylor-Gross Bathed in fragrant curry - and ginger-infused coconut milk , this stew is a popular breakfast dish at Kingston cafés . Landon Nordeman A delectable British treat , these springy pancakes are molded in a shallow ring on the griddle and pan-fried until golden . They get their distinctive nooks and crannies — ideal for a slick of jam and butter — from a yeast-based batter boosted with baking soda . Andre Baranowski Looking for a March breakfast ? This egg dish is perfect . Pair it with warm bread to mop up extra egg yolk and yogurt . André Baranowski Custards do n't have to be sweet . Matt Taylor-Gross Espresso powder adds a jolt to this sleepy soda bread . We love it as toast for a breakfast sandwich or to mop up rich sauces alongside a dinner roast . Get the recipe for Irish Coffee Soda Bread » Matt Taylor-Gross Test kitchen director Farideh Sadeghin discovered this simple dish while traveling through the Maldives ; although fresh-cooked tuna is ideal , water-packed canned tuna works just as well . Get the recipe for Maldivan Breakfast ( Mas Huni ) » Farideh Sadeghin These old school Polish pancakes are lighter , fluffier , and cheesier than the batter-based standard . Get the recipe for Cottage Cheese Pancakes With Sour Cream and Dill » Matt Taylor-Gross One of the pillars of the Southern breakfast table , buttery biscuits smothered in a sausage-studded white gravy makes a hearty meal any time of day . A hint of cayenne brightens the gravy 's richness , but it 's even better with a dash or two of hot sauce . Maxime Iattoni For this rich , spicy Iraqi breakfast dish , ground lamb is sautéed with onions , tomatoes , and parsley , seasoned to the hilt with bahar asfar , yellow curry powder , and then topped with soft-baked eggs . Ingalls Photography Soft apples with a hint of tartness balance a bittersweet caramelized crust , spurred on by rich dulce de leche . Get the recipe for Giant Apple Pancake With Dulce de Leche » Matt Taylor-Gross Make these hangover helpers with the processed meat pride of New Jersey : pork roll ( a.k.a. Taylor ham ) . Get the recipe for Pork Roll Breakfast Sandwich » Matt Taylor-Gross An extra-velvety quiche loaded with blue cheese for creaminess in a nutty spelt and whole wheat crust . Get the recipe for Perfect Blue Cheese Quiche With Whole Grain Crust » Matt Taylor-Gross This dish , which Danny Bowien serves on his breakfast menu at New York City 's Mission Cantina , is inspired by the Vietnamese soups he ate at Turtle Tower in San Francisco when he was a culinary student . Joseph De Leo This garlicky rice is a popular breakfast dish in the Philippines and is delicious served with fried eggs and a drizzle of vinegar sauce . Romulo Yanes A classic Persian herb-loaded egg dish with the fragrant lift of rose petals . Get the recipe for Persian Kuku Sabzi » Matt Taylor-Gross Bostock is a sweet and crunchy breakfast pastry with roots in Normandy . Our version honors Calvados country with a schmear of apple butter and a splash of apple brandy added to the traditional frangipane cream . A generous layer of toasty almonds balances the soft and squishy filling below . Get the recipe for Cinnamon Apple Bostock » Matt Taylor-Gross This classic French meal of baked , cream-soaked toast and eggs is deceptively simple ( and scalable ) but lavish . Named for the Alpine region of Bresse , which is best known to the culinary world for its exceptional chickens , the dish is practical country cooking at its finest . As it bakes , the cream soaks into the bread and thickens to a rich sauce right on the platter , resulting in a savory French toast . Get the recipe for French Baked Toast with Cream and Eggs » Matt Taylor-Gross Boni 's writing had few frills , and her rustic recipes followed suit . But a seemingly simple dish of whole sausages braised in marinara has spicy-sweet , cooked-all-day flavor . Garnish with torn fresh basil or Italian parsley leaves for a bright , herbaceous finish . Get the recipe for Polenta with Sausage Gravy » Matt Taylor-Gross Its name derived from the French verb souffler , meaning " to breathe " or " to puff " , a soufflé 's pillowy top will naturally rise in the oven but slightly deflate just moments after removal . The eggy treat 's fleeting moment of perfection is one of the reasons the dish is handled so delicately by chefs and cherished so deeply by diners . This savory cheese version is courtesy of chef Daniel Skurnick of Le Coucou restaurant in New York City . Photograph by Beth Galton | Food Styling by Mariana Velasquez Fluffy , eggy , buttery , sweet , coiled like a snail 's shell and generously dusted with powdered sugar , Pan de Mallorca is named for its land of origin , in Spain . Penny De Los Santos If Plato had imagined hash browns , they 'd have been rösti : fresh potatoes coarsely grated , pressed , and fried . In the dish 's native Switzerland , recipes include bacon , rosemary , caraway seeds , eggs , pasta , cheese , even coffee . These variations can be delicious , but we found the definitive version in Bern , at Restaurant Della Casa — golden , impeccable , ideal . Todd Coleman This muesli is a flavorful take on the original raw-cereal mixture developed in Switzerland by Maximilian Bircher-Benner in the early 20th century . These savory gorditas stuffed with chile-spiced scrambled eggs make a great breakfast meal or afternoon snack . Todd Coleman	26 Ways the World Eats Breakfast
Well , now we know what paid for all those programmers cranking out the overhauled Firefox Quantum browser : a major infusion of new money.Mozilla , the nonprofit behind the open-source web browser , saw its 2016 revenue increase 24 percent to an all-time high of $ 520 million , it said Friday . Expenses grew too , but not as much , from $ 361 million to $ 337 million , so the organization 's war chest is significantly bigger now . Mozilla , which now has about 1,200 employees , releases prior-year financial results in conjunction with tax filings.Most of Mozilla 's money comes from partnerships with search engines like Google , Yahoo , DuckDuckGo , Baidu and Yandex . When you search through Firefox 's address bar , those search engines show search ads alongside results and share a portion of the revenue to Mozilla . Mozilla in 2014 signed a major five-year deal with Yahoo to be the default search engine in the US , but canceled it only three years in and moved back to Google instead in November.Mozilla 's mission -- to keep the internet open and a place where you are n't in the thrall of tech giants -- may seem abstract . But Mozilla succeeded in breaking the lock Microsoft 's Internet Explorer had on the web a decade ago , and now it 's fighting the same battle again against Google 's Chrome . For example , room-rental service AirBnB and discount shopping site Groupon this week both said their sites are optimized to work on Chrome . That 's the kind of thing that undermines the web as a neutral platform . Mozilla also has political work under way like fighting for net neutrality and defending encryption.All this is why Mozilla poured resources into overhauling Firefox , an effort that culminated in this month 's release of version 57 , also called Firefox Quantum . The browser is faster , and performance improvements leading up to it helped stop Firefox users from defecting to other browsers , Mozilla has said.It 's been tough . " I saw a real risk in Mozilla not surviving , " Mozilla Chief Executive Chris Beard said in an interview earlier this year.Terms of the new search deal with Google are n't yet clear , but Denelle Dixon , Mozilla 's chief legal and business officer , said the organization is doing fine . " We are confident in the future of Mozilla and have structured our commercial relationships in way that positions us for continued growth and success , " she said.Firefox continued to decline through October on personal computers as a fraction of website usage , according to Web analytics company StatCounter . But there are glimmers of hope , too : NetApplications ' NetMarketShare service , which measure the number of people using browsers instead of the number of pages viewed , showed a Firefox uptick in October to 13 percent of PC browser usage.Now Playing : Watch this : Top 5 best features in the new Firefox 2:15 Mozilla still has a long way to go with mobile users , though , where Google 's Chrome and Apple 's Safari dominate and Firefox is a rarity.Mozilla is spending money there , though . It 's investing in Firefox for phones and tablets powered by Google 's Android and Apple 's iOS software , including a privacy-centric variant called Focus and speed improvements transferred from Firefox Quantum . And in 2017 , Mozilla acquired Pocket , a service that lets you save websites and that 's used by about 10 million people each month on mobile devices . Batteries Not Included : The CNET team shares experiences that remind us why tech stuff is cool.CNET Magazine : Check out a sampling of the stories you 'll find in CNET 's newsstand edition .	Mozilla revenue jump fuels its Firefox overhaul plan
Things are moving quickly for Prince Harry and his now-fiancé Meghan Markle . After meeting last July , the pair announced their engagement on Monday , their wedding date on Tuesday , and now here we are , on Friday , and the couple are carrying out their first royal duties together.Harry and Meghan 's first official outing today is in Nottingham , where they 're visiting a few different places . As Kensington Palace revealed via their Twitter account earlier this week , first they headed to a Terrence Higgins Trust #WorldAIDSDay charity fair , and later today they 'll be off to the Nottingham Academy to find out more about the Full Effect program which aims to prevent young people from committing violent crimes.Mirroring each other 's outfits ( already ! ) both Meghan and Harry wore long dark coats ( being LA born and bred , she 's going to have to get used to this freezing weather ) . Underneath , Meghan had on a long flowing champagne skirt and black polo neck , teamed with black boots.Continuing their public displays of affection , the couple arrived at Nottingham train station walking arm in arm . Ah , love 's young dream.Prince Harry and Ms. Meghan Markle arrive in Nottingham for their first official visit together since announcing their engagement . pic.twitter.com/iXXrJEumxk— Kensington Palace ( @KensingtonRoyal ) December 1 , 2017 And the crowds are loving it . Kensington Palace 's statement said Prince Harry had been " looking forward to introducing Ms. Markle to a community that has become very special to him , " and by the looks of it , he 's going to enjoy doing these royal visits a lot more now he can have his wife-to-be by his side .	Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Wowed During Their First Official Royal Engagement
Last week , as millions of New Yorkers celebrated Thanksgiving throughout the City , Carlos Gomez , NYPD ’s highest ranking uniformed officer , quietly announced his impending retirement . Gomez , currently Chief of Department , occupies another rarefied category as the first Latino in his position , and one of just a handful of people of color among the NYPD top brass . As Commissioner O’Neill searches for someone to fill Gomez ’s trailblazing shoes , it would behoove him to select a successor that reflects and affirms the diversity of New York City . A respected veteran who understands both the perspectives of officers and the communities they patrol . A leader who can manage the day-to-day operations of the police department without missing a beat . The next Chief of Department should be someone who understands intersectionality on a gut level , which is why O’Neill should choose a woman.Women make up approximately 17.5 percent of the police force , but occupy only one percent of the most senior leadership roles . To its credit , there have been demonstrable strides with respect to ethnic and gender diversity among police on the force over the past three decades , and I salute them . There now exists a diverse and seasoned talent pool of women from which to cull the next generation of NYPD leadership . Their prominence will help ensure that the police remain sensitive to the conditions and challenges facing women and people of color , who too often comprise our most vulnerable and marginalized victims . There are women officers from all backgrounds with distinguished records of service and leadership who would be more than qualified for top positions , but sadly their glass ceilings remain unshattered.The New York Police Department has yet to appoint women to its most senior roles : Police Commissioner , Chief of Department and Chief of Patrol . Imagine how transformative having a woman in one of those positions could be , someone who understands implicitly that the devastation of rape does n’t make a distinction between attackers who are familiar and those that are strangers , and uses her position to change such dangerous and erroneous views . Picture the feelings of pride and trust a high-ranking woman would engender in communities who have historically been protected by officers who were not representative of them . And , consider the little girls and young women who ’ll be inspired by such appointments to explore and excel in law enforcement and other fields traditionally dominated by men.It ’s clear that the NYPD has prioritized creating a force as diverse as the vibrant city it protects . Last year , it welcomed its most diverse class of cadets in history . The NYPD has taken steps to engage marginalized communities and attempts to bridge gaps between these neighborhoods and those sworn to protect and serve them . But , to best serve our City and its evolving needs , this effort must extend to the highest levels of leadership for our most critical agencies , which include the Police and the Fire Department ( FDNY ) . At the FDNY , the diversity push must also prioritize placing women in senior roles , particularly since there are fewer than sixty women currently working as firefighters . The Chief of Department vacancy is the perfect opportunity for Commissioner O’Neill to make the NYPD ’s commitment to all of our great City ’s communities more evident . And , that ’s something we can all be grateful for .	A Diverse NYPD Must Include Women in Leadership
Just when it seemed Tennessee 's tumultuous coaching search might be heading toward a resolution involving Washington State coach Mike Leach , there is again nothing but uncertainty for the Volunteers.Amid multiple reports Tennessee athletic director John Currie has been forced out , the school has scheduled a news conference for Friday afternoon with Chancellor Beverly Davenport.Leach met with Currie on Thursday in Los Angeles to discuss the Volunteers ' coaching vacancy , according to a person with direct knowledge of the meeting . The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because neither side intended to make the meeting public.Leach flew back to Pullman , Washington , when the meeting was done . No deal was completed , the person said.In a text message to the AP early Friday , Leach said : " Nothing to report . I will be in NY Sunday . " The College Football Hall of Fame banquet takes place in Manhattan next week and typically draws dozens of coaches and athletic administrators to the city , along with agents . Frequently , it is a setting where meetings about coaching jobs take place.Leach , 56 , has been at Washington State for six years and is 38-37 , but 26-12 the last three seasons , including 19-8 in the Pac-12 . Previously , he coached 10 seasons at Texas Tech and went 84-43 . Tennessee fired Butch Jones earlier this month and was close to hiring Ohio State defensive coordinator Greg Schiano last Sunday , but the deal fell through due to backlash from Vols fans and supporters stemming from an unproven claim in court documents that Schiano might have known about Jerry Sandusky 's sexual abuse of boys while Schiano was an assistant at Penn State . Schiano has denied the claim.The Volunteers ' search has since stumbled forward rather publicly . There were reports of contact with Oklahoma State 's Mike Gundy and Purdue 's Jeff Brohm . Earlier Thursday , North Carolina State coach Dave Doeren agreed to a contract extension after he had discussions with Tennessee . Another person familiar with the meeting told the AP that Currie flew from Raleigh , North Carolina , to Los Angeles on Thursday , where he met one-on-one with Leach . Currie flew back to Knoxville after the meeting.One of college football 's more unusual characters , Leach 's interests is wide-ranging — he co-authored a book about Native American leader Geronimo — and he is quick to go off on subjects far removed from football . He has never been a head coach at a place where the expectations are as high and the scrutiny is as intense as Tennessee . He has also been one of the most consistent winners in college football over the last 17 years and would likely help Currie salvage a search that has had Volunteers fans calling for his job .	After meeting Leach , Tennessee search takes another turn
SATIRE : Ho ho ho ! It 's December and you know what means ? Mall Santa is here again , so good little boys and girls can whisper what they want for Christmas between 10-1pm and 2-5pm . And here 's someone now ! Do n't be shy ! What 's your name ? Amy . And have you been a good girl this year Amy ? I most certainly have Santa . I put pressure on the Government to ensure that both parents can take paid parental leave at the same time . By hokey , you have been a good girl this year . Ooh but wait – what did you do about paid parental leave last year , when you were in government ? Er … And the year before that ? And the seven years before that ? Amy ? Where are you going ? Come back ! Oh dear . Now who 's next ? Hello , and who 's this sprightly gentleman ? Don . Well Don , no one 's too old for Santa 's knee . What can I do for you ? You can stop Guyon Espiner spouting that unfathomable Māori-speak on National Radio . I 'm utterly sick of it . By my calculations – and I 'm good with numbers , mark my words – I have to endure what might as well be gibberish for up to thirty or forty seconds a day . What next , Santa , what next ? I 'll tell you what next , Don . I have a special present for you . It 's a calendar . A calendar ? Well that 's not very original . No but it will remind you of what century we 're living in . Haere rā ! Who 's next ? Ooh , here 's a bright young thruster . What 's your name ? I 'm Simon . And have you been a good boy Simon ? Listen Santa , I ask the questions . Thousands and thousands of questions . And every one of them is backed up by an Official Information Act Request , so spill . I want answers ! Now ! Would n't you like a nice new train instead ? No ! I do n't like trains ! How about an annoying smirk then – no , I see you 've got one already . Who else wants to see Santa ? Not me , that 's for sure . Who are you ? Do n't give me that , you know very well I 'm the nation 's number-one-rating Ferrari-driving broadcaster . And what do you want for Christmas ? Fewer handouts to freeloaders from socialists like you , for a start . Now clear off back to Lapland and make room for some foreign billionaires . Is there anyone else who 'd like to see Santa ? Me ! David ! Who said that ? Me ! Down here ! Tiny David Seymour , with 0.5 per cent of the vote ! Merry Christmas and God bless us everyone ! That 's very kind of you , Tiny David Seymour , and what can I get you ? If it 's not too much trouble I 'd like some relevance and credibility please ! Listen kid , I 'm Father Christmas , not a miracle-worker . Next ! Hello Santa , I 'm Jacinda . Hello Jacinda , and have you been a good girl ? I 've always been absolutely clear from the beginning – Can you cut to the chase already – the prostate 's not what it used to be . Actually Santa I need your advice . Do you ever look at everything you 've promised and wonder how you 're going to deliver ? Ho ho ho Jacinda , of course ! But I always manage . The most important thing is having a Chief Elf to keep things ticking over when I 'm away from the North Pole . Do you have a Chief Elf , Jacinda ? Yes , there 's Winston Peters . And if he 's not there , Kelvin Davis . Ah . Then take this . Is that … a hip flask ? Single malt , kid . Forty per cent alcohol . I think you 're gon na need it more than me .	A train set for Simon Bridges and a hip flask for Jacinda when Santa hits the Beehive
A TERMINALLY ill mum had her final wish granted when her two sons walked out as mascots at Wembley , hours after her death . Jenna Ritchie , 30 arranged a surprise trip for Regan , 10 and Ronnie , six to attend West Brom v Spurs in Wembley last Saturday – but she died the night before the match . BPM MediaThe mum passed away at home surrounded by her husband , Kevin shortly after being kissed goodnight by her two sons . Kevin , originally was not going to attend the match because he felt too heartbroken but had a change of heart because “ it was what Jenna would have wanted . ” He said : “ It was a real tear-jerker when Jenna told me that she had arranged for us to go just a week before the match . " To go and meet the players was a dream come true , and it just shows how caring she is that she arranged that for us when she was on her death bed . ” BPM MediaBPM MediaBPM MediaBPM MediaWest Brom fanatics Reegan and Ronnie accompanied their heroes as they walked out onto the pitch during 1-1 clash with Spurs last weekend . Kevin said : “ It was her last wish too , she kept saying that she wanted me to go , and I did n't want to let her down . “ It ’s what she would have wanted . " I had to hold back the tears throughout the day , but it was amazing seeing the kids with smiles on their faces . He added : “ They 've been to matches before , but they 've never had an experience like that . The Baggies players and Gary Megson were amazing to them . " They really warmed to the boys and made them feel comfortable . " The lads were chatting to Harry Kane and joking ' We do n't mind you scoring here for England , but you 're not scoring against the Baggies ' . " BPM MediaBPM Media " He ended up getting the equaliser so that must have fired him up . ” Ronnie walked out with Ben Foster and Regan walked onto the pitch with Hegazi . After the match Kevin said : “ I got a call from the club saying that the players had really warmed to the kids , and that Ben Foster wanted us to have his executive box for the Arsenal match . " It 's very special to know that the club are doing so much to support the fans at such a difficult time . The couple had such a strong connection to the Premier League side that they even wed at The Hawthorns stadium in 2012 . Jenna was a former nurse cadet and had been diagnosed with a brain tumour when she was 15 . Following years of treatment , Jenna spent eight years believing she had overcome it . However signs of the cancer returned five years ago and in July the family were told that she had months to live . BPM MediaKevin said : “ They went to Disneyland Paris a few weekends ago , and I was worried that they would n't get back in time to see their mum one last time . " Apparently when they were in Disney , there were a few drops of snow , and Ronnie said : ' Does that mean that mummy has died ? ' . That got me , when I heard about that . He continued : “ But they touched down on the Thursday , and were able to kiss her goodnight on the Friday , just before she died . " After she passed , I got them to come downstairs to kiss her again and to go to their grandparent 's house for the night . " Then , just after she passed away , there were a few droplets of snow . " That was very emotional , obviously . " We pay for your stories ! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team ? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too . Click here to upload yours .	Terminally ill mum Jenna Ritchie arranged for her two lads to walk out as Wembley mascots hours after her death
What happened Shares of Blue Apron Holding Inc ( NYSE : APRN ) were looking appetizing today after CEO and co-founder Matt Salzberg said he would step down from the leadership role of the embattled meal-kit service , with CFO Brad Dickerson assuming the CEO chair . Salzberg will become the executive chairman and will remain as chairman of the board of directors as well . Investors cheered the move as Blue Apron has suffered from both self-imposed errors and competitive threats during its five months as a publicly traded company . The stock had risen 6.5 % as of 11:21 a.m. EST today , though it is still down nearly 70 % since its IPO . So what The news should n't come as a big surprise ; investors had begun calling for Salzberg 's head as Blue Apron 's growth suddenly slowed and the stock price tanked . Though Amazon 's acquisition of Whole Foods weighed on the meal-kit service even before its IPO , Salzberg 's biggest issue was with the transition to the company 's new highly automated facility in Linden , N.J. The company experienced " unexpected complexities " with the transition , which caused it to cut back on marketing because it did n't want to receive orders it could n't fulfill . Layoffs followed as the company let go of 6 % of its workforce . As a result , revenue growth slowed to just 3 % in the most recent quarter and is expected to decline in the fourth quarter . Now what Dickerson had served as CFO at Blue Apron since last February and brings 11 years of experience with Under Armour , having served as CFO and COO of the sportswear company . New leadership could help breathe new life into Blue Apron , especially since Dickerson told Bloomberg that he would focus on profitability and margins , but do n't expect the company to get back on track overnight . It still faces considerable competition and will need to grow its customer base to ramp up capacity at its new facility .	Why Blue Apron Holding Inc Stock Popped Today
The NFL announced a four-game suspension for Panthers defensive end Charles Johnson on Friday for his violation of the league ’s policy on performance-enhancing substances . Johnson will miss games against the Saints , Vikings , Packers and Buccaneers before being eligible to return to the active roster Dec. 25 . " I accept full responsibility . I have been recovering from back surgery , dealing with the daily grind of football and mistakenly thought this could help , ” Johnson said in a statement . “ It was an error in judgment on my part . We have a special group here I wanted to be a part of and felt an obligation to do my part by getting back as soon as possible . I have always prided myself on being a person who does things the right way through hard work , dedication and sacrifice . I want to apologize to my team , Mr. Richardson and Panthers fans for this mistake . Regretfully I have disappointed people , but I promise to come back ready to redeem myself when this suspension is over . " Johnson , 31 , has 16 combined tackles this season and no sacks .	Panthers DE Charles Johnson suspended four games
MOSCOW — Spain and Portugal , the last two European champions , were drawn Friday to meet in the first round of the World Cup , one day after Russia opens the tournament in one of the easiest groups of the competition . The Russians will play their first match at Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow on June 14 against Saudi Arabia — the only team ranked lower than the hosts . Egypt and Uruguay are also in Group A. Defending champion Germany will play first against Mexico in Group F and then face Sweden and South Korea . Five-time world champion Brazil is in Group E with Switzerland , Costa Rica and Serbia . “ None of us wanted an easy group , ” Mexico goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa said . “ If you ’re playing the World Cup , you want to face the best . And if you want to reach the final , you have to play great matches . ” Spain , which eliminated Portugal in the last 16 on the way to winning its first World Cup in 2010 , will open against the European champions on June 15 in Sochi . Group B also includes Morocco and Iran . Iceland , the country with the smallest population of the 32 World Cup teams , was drawn with Argentina , Croatia and Nigeria in Group D. Another newcomer , Panama , will take on England , Tunisia and Belgium in Group G. Peru , the last of the 32 teams to qualify for Russia , is in Group C with 1998 champion France , Australia and Denmark . The only group without a former World Cup champion is Group H , which is made up of Poland , Senegal , Colombia and Japan . Russian President Vladimir Putin opened the draw ceremony at the Kremlin , seven years after landing the hosting rights . Putin urged fans to visit and enjoy his “ big and multi-faceted ” country , a rallying cry which follows concerns about racism and hooliganism . “ We will do everything to make it a major sporting festival , ” Putin said , looking forward to a World Cup of “ friendship and fair play , values that do not change with time . ” The Olympic doping scandal surrounding Russia hung over the final countdown to the draw . Russian Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Mutko , who is the head of the World Cup organizing committee , defended himself against accusations that he helped to orchestrate state-sponsored doping at the 2014 Sochi Olympics . “ Nowadays everyone is trying to make some kind of axis of evil out of us , just because we ’re a great sporting power , ” Mutko said . The International Olympic Committee executive board will decide on Tuesday whether to ban Russia from the upcoming Pyeongchang Olympics .	2018 World Cup draws are here , with one European showdown
Love is in the air ! Maybe not for me or for you , but who really cares about us ? I 'm talking about the gorgeously demure Scarlett Johansson and her man , Colin Jost . The two have been supposedly dating since May , but have been super low-key about being seen in public together . But times , they are a-changing , because they 've finally stepped out as an official couple , and the photos of Scarlett Johansson and Colin Jost 's first public appearance will make you believe in the magic of love again . For those of you who are like , " Wait , who is that guy ? , " let me give you a little schooling : he 's an actor , comedian , and screenwriter , and uses his talents for a little known television series called Saturday Night Live . Have you heard of it ? So , yeah , pretty sure he 's not only cute , but talented as hell , so bravo Scarlett on finding yourself a gem ( or vice versa , because hello , have you seen Johansson as Black Widow ? ) . Though the two were thought to have started dating months ago , it was n't until they were spotted kissing at a Saturday Night Live afterparty that people started pegging them as a couple . Gone are the days where you can just kiss good-looking strangers and people think nothing more of it . Makes you miss the good old days , does n't it?But the two still kept things pretty quiet for a few months , until Jost attended the Emmy Awards in September and had no date on his arm . Where was Scarlett ? Did they break up ? Were they never really together to begin with ? Or was she simply unable to attend because she was just busy kicking ass?We did n't have any need to fret , because while he confirmed that he did n't have a date for the evening , he did basically confirm that they were together , talking about his dear ScarJo to Entertainment Tonight : So I guess she really was unable to attend because she was busy kicking ass . When asked if she was " the one for him , " he replied : The fact that he 's so casual about dating Scarlett freaking Johansson is beyond me . I bet he 's one of those people who plays it cool , but inside he 's an absolute mess : He was then asked " whether he was a pretty happy guy " : Yes , sir . You have one of the most beautiful women in the planet probably on your speed-dial ( is that still a thing ? ) , so the word ' lucky ' is a great place to start . So that brings us to present day , where the two made their very first appearance together as a couple at the American Museum of Natural History Gala in New York City , because what says ' love ' more than archeological wonders and uncovered historical remnants ? Though they walked the red carpet separately ( respect to all the independent men and women out there ! ) , they did join up together inside and posed for photos . And honestly , the two make a ridiculously cute pair : Some people took to social media after the word got out , and it 's hard to tell if they were confused because they did n't know that the two were dating , or straight-up wondering why Scarlett Johansson was dating someone after her recent divorce from Romain Dauriac : To all the people judging Scarlett , I say back off and bow down , because this woman can do whatever she damn pleases . Let her live!She looks genuinely happy with Jost , and I think that 's all we should want for our girl . ScarJo , you do you , girl .	Photos Of Scarlett Johansson & Colin Jost 's First Public Appearance Are So , So Cute
IT was around 37 degrees Celsius in the Nigerian capital of Abuja when the World Cup draw took place . And it left Nigeria 's media officer Toyin Ibitoye feeling the bite of a Russian winter at ZERO degrees Celsius in Moscow . Getty - ContributorThe sports media personality was pictured arriving at the State Cremlin Palace for World Cup 2018 draw wearing an outrageous furry hat . Replying to a Tweet with a the picture , Ibitoye said : " Ol' boy , it was drizzling snow . " The draw threw up a nightmare group for the Super Eagles . They will face Argentina , Iceland and Croatia in Group D throughout an 11-day period in June . Although the cities of Kaliningrad , Volgograd and Saint Petersburg should be around 20 degrees warmer by June . AFP or licensorsIt is the FIFTH time in just six World Cups that Nigeria have qualified for that tthey have been drawn against Argentina in the group stage . And they have incredibly been drawn against each other in each the last THREE World Cups . The Super Eagles will be hoping for a change of fortune at Russia 2018 . They have lost the last four World Cup games between the sides . ReutersEPAEPALionel Messi scored twice in a 3-2 win at the 2014 tournament in Brazil that helped Argentina qualify for the last 16 . But Leicester forward Ahmed Musa netted a double to twice equalise , with Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo scoring the winner . Former United defender Gabriel Heinze scored the only goal of the game when the sides met in 2010 . And it was 1-0 again to Argentina in 2002 , with Gabriel Batistuta the scorer . Samson Siasia opened the scoring for Nigeria in 2002 , but Claudio Caniggia hit back with a double to win it . ReutersSun Bets : Top Price on 2018 World Cup outright winnersGermany , 5/1 France , 11/2 Brazil , 11/2 Argentina , 8/1 Spain , 8/1 Belgium , 12/1 England , 20/1 Portugal , 22/1 Croatia , 28/1 Russia , 33/1	World Cup : Nigeria media man Toyin Ibitoye feels the cold in outrageous hat at draw
Brought to you by the editors of People en Español . Follow us on Instagram , Facebook , and Twitter . Miss Colombia Laura Gonzalez , Miss Universe ’s first runner up , made quite an impression with her charisma and eloquence during last week ’s televised pageant . When host Steve Harvey asked her how she would explain terrorism to a small child , the 22-year-old actress said : “ I would tell any child that this generation , and even mine , needs a world with less weapons . Please more books , more culture , more friends , more love . ” Gonzalez defended her stance against gun violence in an exclusive interview with PEOPLE CHICA after the pageant . “ It ’s not about instilling fear in them , it ’s about creating agents of change . A child that feels passionate about books , culture , sports , science — who finds his own passion — will stay far away from terrorism and weapons . We have to build on that as a society : kids who bet on other things and stay away from violence . ” To that end , she highlights the damaging role weapons have played in her homeland . “ My country comes from a difficult process of 60 years of civil war . In Colombia you have to have very particular and specific permits to carry guns , which I think it ’s great , ” she adds . “ Not just anyone can carry weapons . We are trying to reduce delinquency and distance ourselves from the culture of weapons . ” Gonzalez admits she is not your typical reina and was bullied as a child for being overweight . “ I never thought I would be a beauty queen because when I was little I was n’t the prettiest girl in my class , ” she recounts . “ In fact , they made fun of me many times for one thing or another : my weight , my height , my hair , my clothes . So for me , pageants were for pretty girls , they were n’t meant for someone like me . I did n’t think it was possible . ” Many years and many pageants later , she is not giving up on her dream to act , be it on stage or in front of the cameras . The stunning actress , who says she is single , is focusing on her professional goals . “ I see myself in Hollywood . That will be the highest step for me and the one I will enjoy most , ” she says . “ I want to work in English , to train so I ’m able to take on any role . ” Even though she did n’t take home the coveted title of Miss Universe , Gonzalez accepts the judges ’ decision with humility . “ I always thought that beauty pageants were a complex matter , especially for the judges because each person sees beauty differently , ” she reflects . “ The winner is very different from me . The top two [ contestants ] this year were very diverse . She was blonde and I have dark hair . She was from a totally different culture . I ’m always laughing , I make funny faces , I speak loudly . She spoke slowly , she was very discreet and calm , ” she adds of South Africa ’s Demi Leigh Nel-Peters . “ We are very different women and perhaps this year they wanted someone like her and not like me , and that ’s ok . ”	Miss Colombia Laura Gonzalez Defends Her Stance On Gun Control and Shares Her Post-Miss Universe Plans
Queen Elizabeth is never seen without her trusty purse , and now her future granddaughter-in-law , Meghan Markle , seems to be following in her handbag-toting footsteps ! The monarch ’s bag of choice is Launer London — and she has reportedly owned more than 200 Launer handbags over the years . The Queen ’s loyalty to the brand began in 1968 , when designer Sam Launer sent her a bag . The Queen ’s preferred bag style has a longer handle to ease the process of handshaking — a tip Meghan has seemed to notice as well . Time will tell what Markle ’s go-to purse brand will be , but for her first official royal appearance , she carried a burgundy leather tote from Strathberry . The cream handles and navy detailing made for the perfect accessory to her winter look . But what ’s inside their prized purses ? This age-old question has so stymied the 91-year-old monarch ’s subjects that it even inspired a 2007 book , What ’s in the Queen ’s Handbag ? And Other Royal Secrets , by Phil Dampier and Ashley Walton . “ She may have had a small camera in it , as she likes to take impromptu snaps , ” Dampier previously told PEOPLE . “ She will have perhaps had her glasses in there , or her sunglasses in there if she was going out in the garden . ” She ’s also rumored to include a small mirror , lipstick , mints and a pen in her bag . And on Sundays , a £ 5 or £ 10 note for the church collection plate . “ She would feel lost without it , ” he adds . “ It ’s her most valued possession and a valuable tool . The Queen would never go anywhere without her handbag . The only time she might not have it by her side is when she is in a completely relaxed environment , like up at Balmoral , and she ’s out driving or something . ” As for what ’s inside Meghan ’s bag , it ’s likely a few of her favorite beauty products . Markle loves Yves Saint Laurent Touche Eclat Radiance Perfecting Pen ( $ 42 , sephora.com ) , which she told Beauty Banter is easy to blend and compact enough for on-the-go use . And she swears by the lash-boosting mascara Revitalash ( $ 24 , dermstore.com ) , which she may have carried with her for touch-ups throughout the day . She ’s also rarely without sunglasses . She worea pair of Finlay &amp; Co. shades during her appearance at the Invictus Games in September .	Meghan Markle Takes Purse Cues From Queen Elizabeth ! What ’s Inside Their Handbags ?
ENGLAND may have been handed a dream group draw but the bookies still do not fancy them for World Cup glory . Gareth Southgate 's side were priced at 18/1 before the draw took place in Moscow this afternoon . KKP2But despite the kind draw , England are still only priced at 16/1 with Sun Bets . Germany , who have been grouped with Mexico , Sweden and South Korea , are the narrow favourites to retain their crown in Russia next summer . You can back them now at 9/2 , with South American giants Brazil just narrowly behind them 5/1 . ReutersFrance , the 1998 winners , are the third faves with odds of 11/2 . And they are joined in the top five by two other footballing superpowers . Spain , who conquered the world back in 2010 , can be backed at 7/1 . And Argentina , who only just qualified through the skin of their teeth thanks to an inspired Lionel Messi , are at 15/2 . England are not even fancied to win the group . Belgium are the odds-on faves to finish in top spot at 4/6 . The Three Lions are priced at 6/4 , with Panama ( 22/1 ) and Tunisia ( 25/1 ) both rank outsiders . 💰 How to claim your FREE £ 30 bet 💰 2 Bet £ 10 or more 3 Sun Bets will stick a £ 30 bet in your account WORLD CUP 2018 ODDSTHE TOP FIVE Germany 9/2 Brazil 5/1 France 11/2 Spain 7/1 Argentina 15/2 BEST OF THE REST Belgium 12/1 England 16/1 Portugal 28/1 Colombia 28/1 Croatia 33/1 Russia 40/1 Iran 500/1 South Korea 500/1 Panama 1000/1 Saudi Arabia 1000/1	World Cup 2018 : England handed dream World Cup draw but are still priced 16/1 to win tournament
In the eyes of Bob Michele at J.P. Morgan Asset Management , the bond market should brace for a shock from the Federal Reserve if U.S. lawmakers manage to pass a tax-overhaul measure . Just how many times could the Fed raise interest rates in 2018 if the legislation making its way through Congress becomes law ? The median in a Bloomberg survey projects two hikes , after an expected increase this month . Policy makers ’ own projections call for a hike this month and then three next year . Some analysts see four -- likely one at each meeting with a press conference . Michele ’s view is that even the hawkish contingent does n’t go far enough . “ Tax reform , and then we ’re talking more than four ” hikes , Michele , who oversees about $ 476 billion as head of global fixed income , currency , and commodities at J.P. Morgan Asset , said on Bloomberg Television on Friday . Without a jolt of fiscal stimulus , the terminal fed funds rate looked to be between 2 percent and 2.25 percent , he said . Yet “ if you get this tax reform through , it ’s so stimulative for corporate America , it ’s so stimulative for retail consumption , I ’m going to raise that to 3 percent , ” he said . “ That ’s still historically low . ” The 10-year Treasury yield is poised to climb above 3 percent , from about 2.39 percent now , with a tax measure passed and monetary stimulus being withdrawn globally , Michele said . The bond market was premature early this year in pricing in policy achievements out of Washington , he said . Treasuries pared gains on Friday after two Republican senators , Ron Johnson of Wisconsin and Steve Daines of Montana , signaled support for the tax bill .	This $ 480 Billion Manager Sees Tax Cut Spurring Over 4 Fed Hikes
It 's going to be a great weekend for getting out , with sunny days and mild temperatures . Current conditions from CBC Weather If you need some help with planning your days , not only do I have this handy dandy list , but we have launched something super exciting this year to go along with our Sounds of the Season campaign : A holiday activity calendar . New foot bridge over Grand River in Galt open for Christmas Each day , we suggest a new thing for you to do . Be sure to take pictures and tag us in photos on social media – we love to see how people are enjoying the calendar . And do n't forget to make your donation to The Food Bank of Waterloo Region on our Sounds of the Season page . There are also a few more Santa Claus parades this weekend ( Elmira , Hespeler , Baden , Fergus , New Hamburg – check out our whole list ) . Lantern Walk 7 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. , Sunday , Dec. 3 Huron Natural Area , 825 Trillium Dr. , Kitchener Bring a lantern – not a flashlight – and sing songs as you take a short hike around the pond at this beautiful outdoor gem . Do n't have a lantern ? That 's OK – you can still go . If you do bring a lantern that needs a candle , tea lights will be provided . Just a note – use the washroom before you attend this event . The on-site bathrooms are not open in winter months . Fashion History Museum Open House 12 p.m. to 5 p.m. , Saturday , Dec. 2 74 Queen St. E. , Cambridge There 's a Santa Claus Parade in Hespeler on Saturday , but after you 've waved to the Jolly Old Elf himself , head over to the Fashion History Museum to check out some of their current exhibitions , including Fashioning Canada Since 1867 and Jane Austen 's World . After 2 p.m. there will be seasonal refreshments and a performance by lute musician Fiona Thistle . Admission is free all day . Fashion History Museum Facebook page A Christmas Carol and Holiday Market 12 p.m. to 5 p.m. , Saturday , Dec. 2 Emmanuel United Church , 22 Bridgeport Rd. W. , Waterloo 'T is the season to listen to classic holiday tales , including A Christmas Carol . Head out to the holiday market and do some shopping , then relax around 2:45 p.m. for a reading of the Dickens classic . Our own Jackie Sharkey is going to be part of the reading , so be sure to say hi ! Proceeds from the event will support the Waterloo Wayside Centre . Emmanuel United Church event page Mayor 's Christmas Tree Lighting 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. , Saturday , Dec. 2 Market Square , Guelph City Hall Join Mayor Cam Guthrie and other local dignitaries as they light up Market Square . The evening will include festive music , live entertainment , cocoa and cider , a holiday sing-a-long with The Overtones and , of course , the tree lighting at 6:30 p.m. Uptown Waterloo Holiday Marketplace All weekend Uptown Waterloo Handmade markets , visits with Santa , a campfire , carolling , horse-drawn trolley rides and ballerinas in store windows - uptown Waterloo transforms this weekend to look like something out of your favourite holiday movie . Many of the businesses are doing their own promotions and the light display in Waterloo Park — Wonders of Winter — officially opens at 5:30 p.m. Saturday . UpTown Waterloo BIA event page	Kate 's five fun things to do this weekend Dec. 1 to 3
SLUDTERA ’s second episode of the program featured St. Lucia ’s own Joshua Nickev Esnard . The feature aired on Facebook on November 29th 2017 , as part of the observance of St. Lucia Business Month , under the theme : “ Promoting an Entrepreneurial Culture — Innovation &amp; Creativity ” . Joshua Esnard is an inventor who knows all about failing forward . Born in Saint Lucia , raised in Ithaca New York , and being an only child for 17 years forced him be innovative and creative with his time . The Cut Buddy was a tool he created out of necessity when he was just thirteen ( 13 ) years old . The tool is the first multi-curve grooming tool used to shape hair and beards . Who would have known a childhood life hack would lead to be a Best Seller on Amazon and be featured on Forbes , GQ , NPR How I Built This , Black Enterprise , and Shark Tank?What is the name of your company and what type of service do you provide?The Cut Buddy LLC is the patent owner to the worlds first multiple curve hair and beard shaping guide.What problem is your company solving and how many people have you helped since being launched?Many people have trouble shaping their hairlines and we eliminate most of the hassle and error . We have helped over 70,000 gain confidence in cutting hair.Did you receive any support when you first made your idea known ? If so , who supported you ? If not , how did you handle that?My fiance , a few family members and my partners were the biggest supporters . I must say that the product idea and concept was not received well at first . We list many pitch competitions and many people made fun of our product . This did not stop the sales from coming in . People who hate on your product are generally admires with things going on in the background . We try to handle haters as professionally as possible unless they are bullying.How long was it before you experienced your first level of success?We launched the business in January 2016 and our sales blew up late Feb 2016 . It was about 3 months until we began getting a good deal of sales . The world had never seen something like our product , so naturally many were interested.What challenges did you face when starting your business?No capital , a lot of back lash , and I ( Joshua Esnard ) was balding.What was your biggest goal when deciding to become an Entrepreneur full time?We actually wrote major goals on our board . Partner up with Daymond John and do a big licensing deal . These were fantasy goals . It is amazing to see both come true after 2 years.You recently appeared on Shark Tank . How did you come to be on the show and what was that experience like?Yes , we aired on shark tank on November 12th 2017 . Most people have to try out for the show through various channels like auditions . Our company was buzzing really big and we were contacted by an executive producer . After expressing our interest , we had to go through rigorous preparation for many months . The show brings out all the emotions in a human . You are happy , angry , nervous , etc … at the same time . You just have to make sure you are prepared and most importantly , you have to make sure you are 100 % you . The sharks can smell if you are not being genuine.Joshua Esnard , inventor of The Cut BuddyJoshua Esnard holding up and pointing to The Cut BuddyCloseup look at The Cut BuddyHair Cutting made easyPairing up with the Speed Tracer/Beard shaping toolWhat are 5 tips that you would give to the next generation of Entrepreneurs?There will be resistance . How you deal with the resistance will define your business.Don ’ t be afraid to be a pioneer . Going with what works and what is already out there , will only keep you in competition.Patents keep you in front of the competition . Mechanical engineering and design are critical to understand.Always remember power of broke mentality . Read as many free resources as you can to develop yourself.Don ’ t forget where you are from and who was with you before things took off.Do you plan on doing anything back in your birth country to encourage young persons to pursue their dreams of becoming Entrepreneurs ? What do you have in mind?I plan on doing some mentoring and some scholarships in the future . Look forward to working with SLUDTERA on a limited mentoring capacity . If I can help get our youth on the right track then St Lucia can inch closer to being the leading innovation hub of the world . I have set this goal in my head for St. Lucia because I believe it is very possible . If we have had two Nobel Prize Winners from small country … . we can do anything.How do you plan to celebrate or observe Global Entrepreneurship Week in your birth country in the near future?I am based in USA right now , but would love to attend one in the future when time allows . In the mean time I will provide as much mentoring as I can.Some great news for St. LuciansJoshua Esnard has recently registered to be a mentor as part of the Entrepreneurship Readiness Program . The program is slated to commence in January 2018 . Registration will open at the end of December 2017 . The program comprises , workshops , seminars , webinars , classes , events , competitions , and more . This program is for 3rd , 4th and 5th From students in Secondary Schools , Students in tertiary level institutions who have not yet graduated and adult entrepreneurs age 21 years and up with startups , who are looking for the next step . The facilitators will include ; Educators , Innovators , Accomplished Entrepreneurs , Business Professionals , YLAI Cohort , Representatives of key Stakeholders . More information about the program dates and times will be announced in the next coming weeks .	“ Celebrating Entrepreneurs Through YLAI ” — Interview with Joshua Esnard
Aspiring Queens Model Murdered In JamaicaAndrea Gibbon believes her daughter , 26-year-old Desiree Gibbon , was betrayed by someone she considered a friend . CBS2 's Magdalena Doris reports.Woman Killed , Another Man Injured Crossing N.J. StreetTwo people were struck this morning while crossing Route 27 near DeWitt Street in Linden , New Jersey . CBS2 's Lisa Rozner reports.Trump Pushing For ' Biggest Tax Cuts In History'The Senate version of the Republican tax plan is still seeking enough support to pass and may be melded with the House version by Christmas . CBS2 's Janelle Burrell reports.Flynn Pleads Guilty To Lying To FBI In Russia InvestigationFormer security secretary Michael Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI in the Russia investigation . CBS2 's Chris Wragge reports.Events In NYC &amp; Globally Marking World AIDS DayWorld AIDS Day is observed every year on Dec. 1 . December Best BuysIf you were n't one of the many shoppers gobbling up serious savings during the Thanksgiving holiday , do n't worry , you have n't missed the bargain boat completely . CBS2 's Alex Denis reports .	Trump Pushing For ' Biggest Tax Cuts In History '
Istanbul ( AFP ) - Left dissatisfied by the limited coverage in local media , Turks have taken to social networks to glean information on an explosive New York trial which is embarrassing Ankara.The subject of their obsession is Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab , who has pleaded guilty to circumventing US sanctions against Tehran and who has accused Turkish officials , including President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , of being implicated.The only defendant in the US is Mehmet Hakan Atilla , the deputy chief executive of Turkish state lender Halkbank.Given the sensitivity of the case , the majority of Turkish media have been cautious in their coverage of Zarrab 's testimony over the past two days . Some have completely ignored the revelations , while others have focused more on his " casual chic " attire in court on Thursday.Neither state broadcaster TRT nor state-run news agency Anadolu have reported the most serious accusations made by Zarrab on Wednesday and Thursday during the hearings.He was to take the stand again on Friday.To get around the minimal media coverage , some Turks have chosen to follow the trial on Twitter and comment profusely on Zarrab 's statements shared in detail by New York-based journalists covering the trial.For example , Pete Brush , a reporter for specialist website Law360 , saw the number of his Twitter followers jump from 5,000 to 27,000 in on Thursday alone.The majority of those sharing Brush 's tweets have Turkish names or use Turkish pseudonyms.Some have excitedly contacted " their " journalist during the hearings : " Come on , Pete , you 've slept enough!Get to work , the whole of Turkey is waiting " , " Come on Pete , give us the excitement " and " Send us the receipt for your transport , it 's on us " . Another praised the " objectivity " of the journalist which critics say is lacking in a country where freedom of the press has been eroded in recent years . - Hashtag wars - Zarrab hinted in Thursday testimony that Erdogan knew about the actions he was carrying out with Halkbank to help Tehran circumvent US sanctions , saying that he had given " instructions " for other banks to participate in the scheme.And on Wednesday , Zarrab admitted to paying tens of millions of dollars worth of bribes to ex-Turkish former economy minister Zafer Caglayan between 2012 and 2013 to facilitate illegal gold transactions with Iran.While the pro-government media ignored these accusations , the hashtag #ZaferCaglayan was one of the trending topics on Twitter on Wednesday , a sign of the great interest in the case in Turkey.The Manhattan trial deeply embarrasses Ankara , which denies violating the sanctions.It has also called the case a " plot " against Turkey.But the risk of heavy fines on one or more Turkish banks in the event of a guilty verdict hovers over the country amid fears over the possible negative impact on the Turkish economy.Since the start of the trial , social media networks , supporters and detractors of Erdogan have taken shots at each other with hashtags : #WeAreWithYou was popular with the first group while opponents used #REZAlet ( a play on words with " rezalet " which means disgrace " ) . The opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet is one of the few national dailies reporting on the accusations in detail and putting the story prominently on the front page.Cumhuriyet ( " Republic " ) is one of the last independent newspapers in Turkey where many critical media outlets have been shut down.The daily has itself been targeted in a hugely controversial trial in which a total of 17 current and former writers , cartoonists and executives from the paper are accused of supporting terror groups . - Bubbling ' Twittersphere ' - The bestselling daily in the country , Hurriyet , covered the revelations on its front page on Thursday but came under a barrage of criticism for doing so.The social media networks are one of the last spaces where freedom of expression remains relatively free because of the ability to be anonymous , even if the authorities are watching.Turkey often tops the list of countries which demand the removal of content or the closing of accounts on Twitter.Like each day since the trial began , especially since Zarrab began speaking , the Turkish " Twittersphere " was bubbling with excitement for his third day on the stand.And the Twitter account of American journalist Brush was inundated with messages from impatient Turkish internet users.One of them appeared to have cleared his social calendar on Friday for the latest episode of the saga , quipping : " Alright Pete , see you there . "	Disappointed by media , Turks follow US trial on Twitter
Warning : I do not condone or promote the use of any legal or illegal substances . This article is made for educational and harm reduction purposes only . If you are feeling depressed or suicidal please dial 1 – 800 – 273 – 8255 for the National Suicide Prevention Hotline , available 24 hours ; and/or contact a local psychologist or psychiatrist for potential treatment options . Thank you and enjoy the read!What is psilocybin?Psilocybin , the active ingredient present in over two hundred species of mushrooms , has been used for it ’s mind altering properties by ancient cultures for thousands of years . When psilocybin is ingested orally it is quickly metabolized into psilocin , a psychoactive chemical with a structure similar to serotonin . The user generally experiences a state of heightened awareness and euphoria , accompanied by auditory and visual hallucinations as is common with other entheogens such as LSD , Mescaline or DMT . In recent years the exploration of alternative treatments for major depression has broadened . Psilocybin , accompanied by a therapeutic setting , is being considered as potential treatment and replacement for SSRI ’s and other drug therapies used for major depressionHow does psilocybin work?When fully metabolized psilocybin is converted into psilocin and acts acts as a 1A , 2A , and 2C serotonin receptor agonist ; meaning psilocin binds to serotonin receptor sites causing the activation of serotonergic systems and the release of serotonin . Studies performed in transgenic rats , and humans have corroborated that psilocybin activates 1A , 2A , and 2C serotonin receptors . But there is convincing evidence that 2A serotonin receptors play a greater role than either the 1A or 2C in regards to the effects of psilocybin . A specific head shaking behavior is characteristic of hallucinogenic effects in rodent . In transgenic mice that have been selectively bred to lack 2A serotonin receptors this head shaking is not observed after a dose of psilocybin , but upon the restoration of individual 2A receptors this characteristic head shaking returns ( Wing et al 1990 , González-Maeso 2007 ) . When ketanserin , a drug that blocks the activation of serotonin by 2A receptors , is administered in humans after receiving a dose of psilocybin , all subjective effects of the drug cease ( Vollenweider , 1998 ) . This supports that the 2A serotonin receptors are mainly responsible for the positive effects of psilocybin.How does metabolized psilocybin ( psilocin ) interact with depression and its symptomatology?One key brain region involved in the serotonergic emotion-processing circuit , is the amygdala . In people with , or at risk for major depression , hyperactivity within in the amygdala in response to negative stimuli , has been shown to be a uniform trait . This is due to a lack of tryptophan , the chemical precursor to serotonin . In one study , twenty five patients , sixteen male and nine female , received either .16 mg/kg psilocybin or a placebo during two sessions conducted fourteen days apart in a double blind procedure . fMRI ( functional magnetic resonance imaging ) was used to measure brain activity during each session and self report indexes were used to assess mood . fMRI showed that when presented with negative stimuli ( Faces emoting negatively ) or neutral stimuli under the influence of psilocybin , hyper-reactivity in the right amygdala was significantly lowered . Self report tests showed that psilocybin significantly increased positive affect , but not anxiety or negative affect in comparison to the placebo treatment . The strong association between the effects of psilocybin , the reduction of activity in the amygdala and an increase in positive mood , supports the idea that psilocybin has the potential to help patients in depressed mood states ( Kraehenmann et al , 2015 ) . In another study six men and six women with treatment-resistant major depression , meaning their symptomatology was non-responsive to two or more classes of antidepressants , were given two doses of psilocybin in two sessions separated by seven days . The first dose contained ten milligrams of psilocybin , the second follow up dose containing 25 milligrams of psilocybin . During the experience , patients were placed in a pre decorated room with low lighting and music was played through speakers and earphones . They were asked to recline in a ward bed , accompanied by two psychiatrists that remained bedside throughout the trial . The patients were allowed to , for the most part , experience an “ inner journey ” with only the occasional supportive interaction with the psychiatrist along with the administration of physiological tests . The Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptoms ( QIDS ) was used in assessment and compared at baseline , one week , two weeks , three weeks , five weeks , and three months after the high dose session . A score of sixteen to twenty is considered severe depression , eleven through fifteen moderate depression , six to ten mild depression and five or less shows absence of depression.The mean QIDS reading of the patients at baseline was nineteen , at one week it was reduced to seven , at two weeks to six and by three months had increased to ten . Eight out of the twelve patients had a significant response to psilocybin treatment , and seven of these eight qualified for remission status . On top of this , at the three month mark seven of twelve patients retained their response and five of the twelve remained in remission . Even with positive results such as these , the study itself was fairly limited by sample size and lack of a placebo control group . At very least these results show that in the proper setting and under proper supervision psilocybin can be administered safely to patients willing to undergo the treatment ( Carhart-Harris et al , 2016 ) . How does psilocybin compare with other common treatments for major depression?SSRI ’s , Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors and other similar antidepressants block the reuptake of serotonin into the presynaptic terminal buttons , temporarily increasing the users serotonin levels and reducing some activity in the amygdala . This is similar to the action of psilocybin , but psilocybin provides several benefits that antidepressant pharmaceuticals do not . Antidepressant pharmaceuticals must be taken on a regular basis , usually daily , and take two to five weeks to build up in a user ’s system and start exhibiting effects . Psilocybin , as demonstrated above , can have profound effects in one to two session and the effects can last three months or longer , this is a huge benefit to the user ! Psilocybin also has a low toxicity profile and is not associated with “ compulsive drug-seeking behavior ” in humans or animal analogues . One other unique component of psilocybin is how it interacts with the user ’s neurons.When compared to other chemicals that activate the serotonin 2A receptor , psilocybin regulates intracellular signaling pathways differently , leading to a different expression of signaling proteins in neurons projecting to other parts of the brain ( Gonzalez-Maeso et al 2007 , Schmid et al , 2008 ) . This difference in expression , correlates with the difference in positive subject effects seen in hallucinogenic 2A receptor agonists , that are not present in non-hallucinogenic 2A receptor agonists . Further study in these differences could lead to new drugs selected for the therapeutic effects of this pathway , but without the hallucinogenic properties . This would significantly lessen the stigma associated with these drugs and allow a whole new group of people , who are willing to try a non-hallucinogenic version of the drug , to experience their positive effects . This could potentially begin a new , more effective class of antidepressants.Is psilocybin the future of treatment for major depression?Psilocybin has show potential as a treatment for major depression on both a subjective and objective level . This is seen through the positive subjective effects it has had on users in a controlled setting , as well as the objective data it has allowed scientists to gather on the Serotonin 2A receptors role in the mechanisms of depression and the amygdala . Many people with major depression are not responsive to antidepressants or are put off by the idea of having to take a pill on a daily basis . Psilocybin offers another option that is not only lower in toxicity , but does not have to be used on a daily basis to have a positive effect . As mentioned earlier the remission of major depression can last up to three months for some patients , after only two treatment sessions . As with all treatments psilocybin also has it ’s limitations . Some patients are uncomfortable with mild hallucinations or the “ high ” gained from treatment . But as earlier discussed it may be possible to isolate the chemical elements that cause the psychological benefits of psilocybin while removing the hallucinatory effect , allowing this treatment to be used by a wider range of patients.In the treatment of mental illness there is no silver bullet that will work for all patients all of the time , relieving them of all their symptoms permanently . Perhaps a combination of psilocybin and talk therapy , or psilocybin used periodically along with antidepressants , will yield life changing results for some patients ( although combining antidepressants and psilocybin could be potentially harmful and has not been researched as of yet ) . Regardless , based on the studies above and many others , it would be wise for psilocybin to be provided as a treatment option for patients with major depression , giving them the best chance at finding a treatment that works for their unique case.References : Kraehenmann , R. , Preller , K. H. , Scheidegger , M. , Pokorny , T. , Bosch , O. G. , Seifritz , E. , &amp; Vollenweider , F. X. ( 2015 ) . Psilocybin-Induced Decrease in Amygdala Reactivity Correlates with Enhanced Positive Mood in Healthy Volunteers . Biological Psychiatry , 78 ( 8 ) , 572 – 581 . doi : 10.1016 / j.biopsych.2014.04.010Carhart-Harris , R. L. ( 2016 ) . Psilocybin with psychological support for treatment-resistant depression : an open-label feasibility study . Lancet Psychiatry . doi : 10.3410 / f. 726375864.793520560 . Wing , L. L. , Tapson , G. S. &amp; Geyer , M . A ( 1990 ) . 5HT-2 mediation of acute behavioral effects of hallucinogens in rats . Psychopharmacology 100 , 417 – 425.Gonzalez-Maeso , J. et al ( 2007 ) . Hallucinogens recruit specific cortical 5-HT ( 2A ) receptor-mediated signaling pathways to affect behavior . Neuron 53 , 439 – 452 . Vollenweider , F. X. , Vollenweider-Scherpenhuyzen , M. F. I. , Bäbler , A. , Vogel , H. &amp; Hell , D ( 1998 ) . Psilocybin induces schizophrenia-like psychosis in humans via a serotonin-2 agonist action . Neuroreport 9 , 3897 – 3902 . Schmid , C. L. , Raehal , K. M. &amp; Bohn , L. M ( 2008 ) . Agonist-directed signaling of the serotonin 2A receptor depends on b-arrestin-2 interactions in vivo . Proc . Natl Acad . Sci . USA 105 , 1079 – 1084 . Psilocybin containing mushrooms growing on a decomposing hardwood.A diagram illustrating the basic mechanisms of a serotonin receptor.4-HO-DMT ( 4-hydroxy-N , N-dimethyltryptamine ) also known as psilocin.Antidepressants including Prozac , Zoloft and Paxil .	Psilocybin : the future of treatment for major depression ?
Kate Winslet just revealed that she auditioned to play Rose in Titanic opposite Matthew McConaughey , and I 'm not sure my image of Jack Dawson will ever be the same again . This mind-blowing tidbit emerged during an interview with Stephen Colbert on The Late Show , where Winslet was quizzed with a series of rapid-fire questions about the classic movie , which celebrated its 20th anniversary this year . " I auditioned with Matthew [ McConaughey ] — is n't that weird ? " Winslet told Colbert . " Never said that in public before ! " So , yeah , have fun reimagining literally every single one of Jack 's lines delivered in McConaughey 's signature drawl . During the same jam-packed interview , Winslet also revealed some new info about that infamously steamy hand-on-the-window sex scene . " I do n't think it was scripted . I think we came up with it on the day . It did get quite sweaty in the car , but we were spritzed down with spray Evian bottles to make us look really like in the throes of … " Yep . In the throes of . You 'll probably want to watch the full clip above to get all of the new Titanic deets , just in time for a Christmas rewatch once it 's re-released in theaters this month .	Kate Winslet Auditioned For ' Titanic ' Opposite Matthew McConaughey
DETROIT ( AP ) — Black Friday deals and strong consumer confidence could push auto sales higher in November despite waning demand for post-hurricane replacement vehicles.Some analysts initially predicted that November sales would drop as post-hurricane sales slowed in Texas and Florida . But Black Friday promotions — which began in early November — helped lure buyers to dealerships.Fiat Chrysler was offering up to $ 16,000 off its 300 sedan , while Hyundai was kicking $ 3,750 off the price of a Santa Fe SUV . Car buying site KBB.com said automotive credit applications rose 42 percent on Black Friday compared to other Fridays in November.Automakers were offering an average of $ 3,700 to $ 3,800 in incentives per vehicle in November . As prices creep up , deals are creeping up with them , analysts say . The trend will likely continue in 2018 , when U.S. sales are expected to drop and automakers will be keen to hold on to their market share.Sales were buoyed by strong U.S. consumer confidence , which was at its highest level since November 2000 , according to the Conference Board.Car buying site Edmunds.com predicted November sales will rise 3.5 percent over last year to 1.4 million vehicles.Here are other details about November sales : — Toyota sales fell 3 percent even though the revamped Camry sedan and the RAV4 small SUV posted record November numbers . Increased truck and SUV sales were offset by steep declines in car , with Toyota cars falling nearly 9 percent and Lexus luxury car sales off 10 percent . Sales of the Corolla compact car , usually a top-seller , tumbled 32 percent while Highlander midsize SUV sales also dropped by 10 percent . — Honda sales rose 8 percent with a slight gain in cars and a record November for trucks and SUVs . — Sales fell 3 percent for General Motors Co. — Sales dropped 4 percent for Fiat Chrysler . — Volkswagen brand sales were down 1.6 percent . — Sales jumped 7 percent at Ford Motor Co. on strong demand for trucks and SUVs . — Nissan did n't report its sales due to a computer problem , but said preliminary data indicated they would be up 14 percent .	Black Friday deals likely boosted US auto sales in November
The December 2016 anti-settlements UN Security Council Resolution 2334 is at the heart of the guilty plea former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn entered on Friday . Flynn is accused of making false statements about his conversations with Russian Ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak . One of the two statements is about the UN resolution which condemned Israel 's settlements as a " flagrant violation " of international law and which Trump 's team sought to have vetoed . Since May 2017 Special Counsel Robert Mueller has been investigating links between Russia and the presidential campaign of Donald Trump . Michael Flynn resigned as National Security Advisor in February 2017 after having misled vice-president Mike Pence about the nature of his conversations with Kislyak . The December 1 court filing notes that “ on or about December 22nd Flynn did not ask the Russian Ambassador to delay the vote on or defeat a pending United Nationals Security Council resolution and that the Russian Ambassador subsequently never described to Flynn Russia ’s response to the request . ” The filing says that Flynn misled the FBI about this and that would mean he allegedly did ask the Russian ambassador to delay the vote or defeat the resolution . He is accused of a false statement about that conversation and any subsequent Russian responses to it . In the lead up to the anti-settlement resolution which angered Jerusalem , Trump ’s team had urged the US to veto the resolution . On December 22nd Trump tweeted “ the resolution being considered in the UN Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed . ” Egypt postponed the vote on December 22nd . However it passed on December 23rd with 14 in favor and the US abstaining . According to an article at Foreign Policy in February 2017 Michael Flynn played a key role attempting to scupper the UN vote . “ Flynn … and other members of the president ’s transition team launched a vigorous diplomatic bid to heed off a UN Security Council vote condemning Israel ’s settlements . ” They reached out to the UK , Egypt , Russia , Uruguay and Malaysia according to the report.We now know that attempts to influence Russia as part of that campaign to derail the vote was the heart of the FBI conversations with Flynn days after Trump ’s inauguration . We also know that Vitaly Churkin , Russian Ambassador to the UN , said on Friday December 23 before the vote that he was “ puzzled by the process around the resolution and by the haste with which it had been ‘ pushed ’ to the vote . ” Churkin had been in favor of postponing the vote , which dovetails now with the revelations in the guilty plea about Flynn ’s alleged misleading statements . Churkin died of a heart attack on February 20th , 2017 , six days after Flynn resigned as National Security advisor.US Senator Dianne Feinstein condemned Flynn in a statement Friday . “ Flynn ’s guilty plea is about more than just lying to the FBI . What he lied about and when he did it are of even greater significance . His shows a Trump associate negotiating with the Russians against US policy and interests before Donald Trump took office . ”	UN resolution against Israeli settlements at center of Flynn guilty plea
FRIDAY presenting team on The One Show , Alex Jones and Ore Oduba are in for a musical and theatrical treat . Here 's the lowdown on tonight 's guests ... Getty - ContributorWho 's on The One Show tonight ? Gwen Stefani 48-year-old singer Gwen Stefani is in the UK at the moment , and last night she switched on the Christmas lights at Westfield London . She is the singer in American group No Doubt and has moved from music into television as a judge on The Voice . Gwen has won three Grammys and also owns a clothing line . She hit the headlines in 2016 when she divorced her husband of 14 years Gavin Rossdale following his alleged affair with their nanny . The couple share three children , and Gwen has gone on to find happiness with fellow Voice judge and country singer Blake Shelton . 67-year-old Robert Lindsay has been on our telly screens since the 1970s . His big break cames as the hapless revolutionary in the BBC comedy Citizen Smith in 1977 . Robert has enjoyed a long and successful career on stage and screen earning him both Olivier and Tony Awards for his performance in the musical Me and My Girl . His longest running role has been as dad Ben Harper in the sitcom My Family which ran for eleven years . Lindsay is in a long-term relationship with actress Diana Weston , and they share a daughter , Sydney . What time is The One Show on and who is presenting ? You can tune in to BBC One at 7 pm on weeknights to watch the show . Today ’s episode lasts half an hour and will be hosted by the usual Friday duo of Alex Jones and Ore Oduba . Each night the presenters mix interviews with an array of celebrity guests with an eclectic mix of topics ranging from current affairs to pop culture . It is then available on demand on the BBC iPlayer . BBCCan I be in The One Show audience ? Unfortunately , the One Show is not listed among the BBC shows you can apply for tickets for . So viewers will just have to get their fix from their sofas . However , to be in with a chance of watching programmes from A Question of Sport to Just a Minute being made visit http://www.bbc.co.uk/showsandtours/shows/ . How long has The One Show been running ? The magazine style show has been running for over a decade . The first episode was aired on August 14 2006 . From 2007 to 2010 it was hosted by Adrian Chiles and Christine Bleakley , before Alex Jones and Jason Manford took the helm , later being replaced by Matt Baker . Chris Evans oversaw the Friday night hour-long episodes from 2010 to 2015 . The likes of Dermot O’Leary , Phil Tufnell , Zoe Ball and Fearne Cotton are among the guest presenters who have stood in for the regular duos .	Who is on The One Show tonight ? Gwen Stefani and Robert Lindsay join Alex Jones and Ore Oduba
Off the Menu with Dara can be heard every Saturday from 11 a.m. to noon on News Radio 830 WCCO ! See all of Mpls . St.Paul Magazine ’s Dara Moskowitz Grumdahl ’s Top 5 lists here ! In honor of having Mary Falk , one of America ’s greatest cheesemakers , on the show this weekend , I thought I ’d put together a few of the fanciest recipes I know of for showcasing great cheeses — this is not a utility cheese , nacho situation , these are the recipes for the good splurgy stuff you bust out for the holidays . Here are the Top 5 Cheese Recipes ! Crispy FricoThe first time I made “ frico ” , which is basically just grated hard cheese , cooked till it turns into a crispy thing , I was in a restaurant kitchen on Cape Cod , and I thought I had beheld magic . We used to make frico discs to-order for a particular garnish , but then sometimes when the kitchen was slow we ’d just make them to eat . When they ’re still hot you can mold them into funny shapes — I recommend this as a hobby . If you put them on a rolling pin you get a sort of scoop or wave . If you put them over an upside-down shot glass you get a cup . Now that I ’m all grown up I know you can also make them in the oven a bunch at a time . This is good too . You can add a seasoning like cumin or fennel seed if you really want to , but I never do . I do however like them made from different cheeses — aged cheddar , good gouda , and so on . Mario Batali ’s Frico FriulanoA cake made with potatoes , eggs , and onions — and that ’s all ! This Italian country food is just one of those things that ’s nothing but simple joy . I would eat this every day if I was absolutely free ! ( credit : tastingtable.com ) Dominique Crenn ’s insanely difficult grilled cheeseAre you a grilled cheese warrior ? Super good with a pan and some butter ? Well have I got a challenge for you . In honor of Dominique Crenn , one of the world ’s best chefs who is briefly in town and to whom I will be talking to on Wednesday night in St. Paul at our Tastemakers event , I present : “ The world ’s most insanely difficult grilled cheese ! ” You have to smoke an avocado — literally , get out your wood chips — and a hundred more things . Or just gawk at the recipe . She ’s a genius . Then come see us on Wednesday night at 8 p.m. It ’s free at the Market House St. Paul . I ca n’t wait ! Parmesan cheese spreadImagine if you made hummus , but instead of using beans , you used a good hard cheese , finely grated , blended with olive oil and a bit of white wine . This is so easy and good . It ’s the easiest cheese dip ! Cheese StrawsYou know what you can do with a recipe that ’s little more than cheese , flour , and butter ? So much ! You can pipe them out with your Spritz-cookie-gun , you can roll them into logs and slice into coins , you can give them to toddlers to run through a Play-Doh press . Then when you bake them you ’ve got the cheesiest , best crackers ever . This recipe is very , very , very flexible — add chili pepper if that ’s your thing , add minced up pancetta , try different cheeses , it ’s gold .	Dara Moskowitz Grumdahl ’s Top 5 Cheese Recipes
PETE Wicks helped save 170 dogs from certain death during his trip to South Korea and is bringing 13 back to the UK with him . The Towie star flew out to the country with Humane Society International to help rescue canines who were languishing on a squalid dog meat farm . Dogs were being kept in filthy and deprived conditions . They would spend their whole lives in rows of barren wire cages , exposed to the elements and with no veterinary care . Pete saw greyhounds , spaniels and mastiffs during his time there and along with the 170 dogs they saved , 13 are coming back to the UK including a golden retriever , beagle , and Korean jindo . Speaking about his time there , Pete told The Sun Online : “ Seeing for myself the horror of a dog meat farm has been one of the most emotional experiences of my life . “ I love my dog Eric with all my heart , and I kept thinking how dreadful it would be for him to spend even one day in a place like that . “ Some of the dogs I met were terrified , and you ca n’t blame them because they ’ve seen the cruel side of humanity , but I could n’t believe how friendly most of them were despite everything they ’ve been through . “ The way they wagged their tails just broke my heart . Despite going through hell , they still wanted to be our friends . That was so humbling . ” Pete is now urging politicians to take action and help Humane Society International stop the cruel trade once and for all . He explained : “ I ’m proud to support HSI ’s campaign to end the dog meat trade in South Korea because it ’s a really tough job their rescue team does . “ And it ’s not just about saving the dogs , they ’re offering practical solutions to help dog farmers get out of this horrendous business , and also urging politicians to change the law , so it ’s the whole package . ” To help Pete and the Humane Society International say ‘ no ’ to South Korea ’s dog meat trade , sign HSI ’s petition in English or Korean – signatures will be submitted to the South Korean government . Got a story ? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220 .	Towie ’s Pete Wicks rescues 170 dogs from Korean meat farm and is bringing home 13 of them
The overlooked character meant so much more to the series than we initially thoughtAfter nearly 17 years since its release , Freaks and Geeks continues to boast a dedicated following and like any beloved media , retrospective reviews and insights are plentiful . Yet , no love and attention has been shown for Barry Schweiber , the level-headed older brother of Neil . During another viewing of the series , this writer believes Barry represents the voice of reason in the series.The episodes equate to the high school tribulations of Lindsey , Sam , and their respective friend groups . Once a dilemma arises , their worlds feel utterly destroyed ( aka typical high school sentiments ) . Beyond the main cast , either as peers , teachers , or parents , every character plays a role in the high school social dynamic . However , what we see in Barry is a character that speaks to both the Freaks and the Geeks without adhering to what goes on in McKinley . Essentially , Barry is prime example to Sam , Lindsey and to high school as a whole that it is does get better . One may say that he does have a stake in the current social dynamic because of Neil , but Barry too knows the tribulations his brother and his friends are experiencing do not last forever.While Barry only appears in one episode ( # 15 : Noshing and Moshing ) , he enters McKinley during a critical moment in the series . Lindsey is in the midst of breaking up with Nick , she is disillusioned with both the Freaks and her former mathaletes , and she wants to do well academically without sacrificing her search for identity . Sam on the other hand , is reeling from being the school mascot and Cindy stating that talking to him is like talking to a sister . This is also happening while Cindy becomes more serious with basketball jock , Todd Schellinger , virtually the antithesis of Sam.Right at the onset , Barry is endearing to Sam and Lindsey because he is introduced with such charisma . He appears confident and appealing to both groups despite not having to indulge in nerd or rock culture to seek their attention . This is represented by Barry standing up to the serious , no-nonsense Mr. Kowchevski , who by this point in the series has been portrayed as a stiff authority figure.Barry strikes the balance between relating to the high school students and being old enough for them to listen to his advice . He is neither a parent that seems to not understand nor another peer trying to offer advice.This speaks to the characters ’ current stages . For Lindsey , Barry did well in high school ( as he got into University of Wisconsin ) and he found freedom away from McKinley and the small Michigan suburb all together . This is the answer Lindsey needs as she is ignoring her search for identity by denying her friends and attempting to redisover her former mathelete persona . For Sam , he is coping with a desire to leave the geeky/bullied stage and be free to do what he wants without judgement , contempt , or finding a place in the social sphere . Away from high school , Barry has been able to transform himself into a confident individual that delves into his interests without the threat of backlash and bullies . He comes from the same mold as Sam and his friends , and yet he offers advice from a perspective where the rigors of growing up happen in a more open environment . ( University ) This also holds true during Barry ’s conversation with Lindsey at the Schweiber Christmas Party . Lindsey hopes to escape the suburban life as well , and Barry highlights the futility of the high school life and how unimportant the drama can be when one looks back on all of it . Once again , he is not speaking from a level similar to a parent , and we are reminded of this by Barry remaining relatively carefree about declaring a major . He admits that he was bullied more than Neil , and yet , the college life provides the freedom and opportunities for an individual to discover and continually reinvent themselves . The experiences of high school should not define an individual , and Barry comes in to show that these admirable quests for reinvention and exploration extend beyond the walls and borders of McKinley and Michigan itself.Barry is introduced as the catalyst towards the transition periods for Lindsey and Sam when the rigors of high school are affecting them the most . While his entrance is 3 episodes before the untimely ending , those last episodes show how Lindsey and Sam deal with their situations . After Barry , Lindsey realizes that she can not return to the past , and makes peace with doing well in school and finally becoming an equal with her Freaks . Sam goes on to date Cindy and becomes confident enough to break it off when he realizes that she cares little about his interests and feelings . Sam no longer puts Cindy on a pedestal and he finally becomes comfortable with himself and his friends . Through Barry , Sam and Lindsey realize they do not have to adhere to the identities afforded to them in the high school social sphere . Barry guides them to combine their own interests , be confident in themselves , and break free from the restrictions of high school personas.Barry enters McKinley . Courtesy of fanpop.comLindsey and Barry on a walk during the Christmas Party . Courtesy of fanpop.com	Barry Schweiber : The Voice of Reason in Freaks and Geeks
Look behind-the-scenes of Showtime ’s upcoming series , The Chi , produced by Emmy winner Lena Waithe and Academy Award , Golden Globe and Emmy winner Common , and Elwood Reed.In this clip , Waithe , Jacob Latimore , Jason Mitchell , Common , Yolonda Ross , Alex Hibbert , Ntare Guma Mbaho Mwine , and Sonja Sohn — discuss the inspiration for the series and what ’s in store for their characters in Season 1 . The series , which explores the humanity behind the headlines sensationalizing the South Side of Chicago , premieres on Sunday , January 7 at 10 p.m. ET/PT . Produced entirely in its namesake city , The Chi is a timely coming-of-age story centering on a group of residents who become linked by coincidence but bonded by the need for connection and redemption . The ensemble cast includes Mitchell ( Mudbound , Straight Outta Compton ) , Latimore ( Detroit , Sleight ) , Mwine ( Queen of Katwe ) , Hibbert ( Moonlight ) , Ross ( Treme , The Get Down ) , Armando Riesco ( Bull ) and Tiffany Boone ( The Following ) . Kevin ( Hibbert ) is the pre-teen who must step past shattered illusions and embrace the normal rites of childhood , while Brandon ( Mitchell ) the dreamer makes his own nearly impossible leap of faith to succeed in life and love with girlfriend Jerrika ( Boone ) . Emmett ( Latimore ) is the carefree teen thrust into complex responsibility with guidance from his mother Jada ( Ross ) , and Ronnie ( Mwine ) is the drifter whose struggle to love and be loved calls into question his every pursuit . Sohn ( The Wire ) , Jahking Guillory ( Kicks ) , and Steven Williams ( TheLeftovers ) recur . In addition to Waithe , Common and Reid , Aaron Kaplan ( Santa Clarita Diet , Divorce ) serves as executive producer along with Rick Famuyiwa ( Dope ) , who also directed the premiere episode , and Derek Dudley and Shelby Stone of Freedom Road Productions . The series is produced by Fox 21 Television Studios .	Watch Lena Waithe and the cast of ‘ The Chi ’ discuss the show ’s inspiration and their characters
Why we should rely on and support creative geniusesStructural InequalityEmployees dreams did n’t come true . As Stiglitz writes , [ … ] In the middle of the twentieth century , it came to be believed that ‘ a rising tide lifts all boats ’ : economic growth would bring increasing wealth and higher living standards to all sections of society [ … ] In the ensuing economic and political debate , this ‘ rising-tide hypothesis ’ evolved into a much more specific idea , according to which regressive economic policies — policies that favour the richer classes — would end up benefiting everyone . Resources given to the rich would inevitably ‘ trickle down ’ to the rest [ … ] So overall wealth increases , but this does not lead to an increase in the productive capacity of the economy or in the mean marginal productivity or average wage of workers . On the contrary , wages may stagnate or even decrease , because the rise in the share of rents has happened at the expense of wages [ … ] Monetary policies that lead to low interest rates can increase the value of these ‘ unproductive ’ fixed assets [ … ] The way in which globalisation has been managed has led to lower wages in part because workers ’ bargaining power has been eviscerated ( 1 , * ) . Labour and Education CrisisAn unemployment rate all over the world is significant today . It is approximately 5.767 % , according to the World Bank ( 2 ) , about 5.7 % in advanced countries , based on the IMF data ( 3 ) , and 6 % — based on OECD ( 4 ) . In 2015 , total global unemployment stood at 197.1 million — 27 million higher than the pre-crisis level of 2007 ( 4 ) . [ … ] Economic activity in both advanced economies and EMDEs is forecast to accelerate in 2017 – 18 , with global growth projected to be 3.4 percent and 3.6 percent , respectively , again unchanged from the October forecasts ( 5 ) . World population is 7.4 – 7.6 B or so ( 6 ) with 1.8 % growth rate a year ( 7 ) . Here is a problem that a global youth unemployment is on the rise again , expecting to be approximately 13 % ( 8 ) . And that is thrilling enough in respect that we have no sustainable growth model for the future . With EM economies borrowing more heavily , global debt has set a new record high of USD217 trillion ( over 327 % of GDP ) in early 2017 ( 9 ) . It has been “ axiomatic ” for a long time that economic growth and prosperity are combined with higher education . And how ! Richest 2 % of adults own more than half global wealth ( 10 ) . Oxfam blames aggressive wage restraint , because businesses were too focused on delivering ever-higher returns to wealthy owners and top executives ( 11 ) . Credit Suisse estimates that 3.4 billion individuals — or 71 % of adults worldwide — have wealth below USD 10,000 , and millionaires , who comprise less than 1 % of the global population , account for 45 % of total wealth ( 12 ) . Over the last decade , college-loan balances in the United States have jumped more than $ 833 billion to reach an all-time high of $ 1.4 trillion ( 13 ) . Total U.S. student debt hit a record $ 1.31 trillion last year , the 18th consecutive year Americans ’ education debt rose , according to the FRB of New York ( 14 ) . More than that , 56 % of employees are stressed when it comes to their financial situation . 53 % of these employees report that the stress interferes with their ability to focus and be productive at work ( 15 ) . It comes to a mind that something is wrong with the employment and system as a whole all over the world . It seems that direct investments in creators and practices as a whole are underestimated , but labour and education markets are overvalued.Looking at Music Industry InheritanceThe music industry is all about large amounts and numbers . As Shridhar Subramaniam from Sony Music Entertainment thinks , “ we are seeing a shift in consumer ’s attitude from content ownership to having easy access to a vast library ” ( 16 ) . Warner Music Group reported its best quarter ( Q2 , 2017 ) in 14 years , with $ 917 million in revenue and a 59 % increase in streaming cash — far more than enough to offset the continuing decline in digital download sales ( 17 ) . Record companies are estimated to annually invest $ 4.5 billion worldwide in artists and repertoire ( A&amp;R ) combined with marketing . The major labels combined have around 7,500 artists on their rosters and tens of thousands more are signed to independent labels . New talent is the lifeblood of the industry and 25 % of those artists was signed in the previous year ( 18 ) . Global independent label revenue stands at $ 5.6 billion in total ( 19 ) . Independent music companies are characterised both by a desire to seek out new musical forms and artists , and in their entrepreneurial willingness to take risks . In today ’s market , independent labels continue to balance artistic and commercial priorities . Quoting , early independent labels , like Atlantic and King Records , introduced blues and R&amp;B music in the 1940s [ … ] Island Records , founded in 1959 , performed a similar ‘ bridging ’ function , introducing a new generation of rock and reggae artists to global audiences through the 1960s and 1970s . Initially the label was associated with Jamaican music , popularising ska and reggae music in the UK , in particular the music of Bob Marley . It also promoted U2 ( 20 ) . After succeeding of David Bowie securitization with Pullman Bowie Bonds lots of investors pay more attention to music securitization . Notwithstanding a rating downgrade to Baa3 in 2004 , Pullman Bonds have become a new class of securitization assets in the world . In fact , the credit was loaned for 10 years with a 7.9 % interest rate — a pretty much rate . The Dutch Pension Fund ABP invested in Imagem and cashed out recently when Imagem had been sold for between $ 500 - $ 600 million to Concord Music Group owned by Barings Alternative Investments . As WSJ writes , “ a small but growing number of investors is buying the rights to musicians ’ future earnings , lured by returns that can run between 8 % and 12 % annually , or more when junk bonds are yielding less than 6 % ” ( 21 ) . The Church of England ’s £ 7.9 billion investment fund is looking at music royalties and direct venture capital deals for this year ’s new asset allocations , according to its director of investments ( 22 ) . Creators Donating : New Musicians and DoersWhile each recording deal is different , there are common areas of investment that usually feature , particularly in an agreement involving emerging artists . These are the payment of an advance , the funding of a recording , music video production , tour support and promotional costs . It can cost between US$ 500,000 and US$ 2,000,000 to break an artist in a major recorded music market ( 23 ) . By 2025 , the global crowdfunding market could reach between $ 90 billion and $ 96 billion — roughly 1.8 times the size of the global venture capital industry , according to a 2013 study commissioned by the World Bank . “ If you look at the music industry , there was this whole layer of people who used to go out and scout bands , ” Hirsch said . “ It was the coolest job in the world ” , — David Hirsch , managing partner at Metamorphic Ventures — which led Indiegogo ’s seed round — likens crowdfunding to what the music industry calls A&amp;R , or artists and repertoire.Music creation and scaling have all changed . Thanks to YouTube , SoundCloud , VK and all the new platforms , there are lots of charismatic and imposing creators in Europe . They live following Otto von Bismarck who said : “ We live in a wondrous time , in which the strong is weak because of his scruples and the weak grows strong because of his audacity . ” People are changing the whole employment paradigm . Hence , there is an living idea that we should let freelancers a more powerful role in the changing economy . Forget about really too big companies . It is time to personalize economies — from companies to creators . Independent musicians , actors , e-gamers , free artists , writers philosophers , engineers and doers all over the world will able to receive standalone financing from their followers and other donators.It is all about the essence where ( A ) creators get tokenized , sell their digital tokens and receive investments and donations with blockchain-based confirmation ; new ventures ( B ) support the variety of creators . Nonetheless , remember that wages may stagnate or even decrease , because the rise in the share of rents has happened at the expense of wages ( 24 ) . So it is clear : a power of big labels should be also restricted , but if people do not want to retrieve the autonomy — labels wo n’t too.Global Wealth Report 2015 by Credit SuisseStudent Debt in America Has Hit a New Record by BloombergGlobal Music Report 2017 by IFPIInvesting in Music : The Value of Record Companies by IFPI , 2016Platoon : We live to create . We live for the creativesMixmag : The World ’s Biggest Dance Music and Clubbing Destination	Equitization of Freelance Creators
A DEVOTED mum who purchased a dinosaur-themed pillow for her son was stunned to find out what had arrived . The product , which was advertised on Amazon , was not false , but proves online shoppers should always go the extra mile to double check what they are buying before proceeding to the checkout . An image of the pillow she purchased from the online retailer , was recently shared on Imgur . The product photo shows a young boy sleeping and holding onto the edge of what looks like a dinosaur pillow . But faint crease marks are seen across the dinosaur 's face , and what initially looks like white bed sheets . Little did the parent know , those marks would be crucial to her purchase . It turns out , the Dinosaur Kids Pillow was actually a large white pillow with an edited image of the boy sleeping on a dinosaur , across its centre . But since the photo had been uploaded onto social media , it appears to no longer be available on Amazon . It is unknown whether the mum sought a refund , and if she was successful . This mishap comes weeks after the European Commission claimed UK consumers were the most confident online shoppers in the EU . In 2016 , statistics published by the commission revealed nearly 87.6 per cent of Brit shoppers bought domestic goods or services online , in comparison to their EU counterparts . We pay for your stories ! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team ? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too . Click here to upload yours .	Amazon customer buys her a son a dinosaur pillow – and is stunned by what arrives
If you 're anything like me , you 're basically down for wine in each of its glorious forms — from those category-defying rosé-flavored donuts to a casual splash of rich , wintery red . But even though I 'd like to think I 'm a Sauvignon-sampling pro , I wanted to see exactly how everyone 's favorite " adulting " drink transforms from grape to ( brimming ) glass . That 's why I headed off to Long Island 's gorgeous Wölffer Estates Vineyard — a coveted destination for wine-tasters , famous for its luxurious Summer In A Bottle rosé . And even though the season for pink sipping is technically already over , who 's to say that we ca n't keep the spirit of " rosé all day " alive , even in December?Watch the episode of Lucie For Hire above to catch the entire , daunting process . Spoiler : if drinking wine sometimes feels a little too easy , making it is a marvel of technical precision . First , I picked and taste-tested the grapes , which might sound decadent , but , according to Wölffer expert Roman Roth , is actually all about harvesting with speed . Next , the bunches are de-stemmed and crushed , producing a raw , electric red juice that tastes just as delicious as it sounds . Of course , no trip to a vineyard would be complete without a classic grape stomp — just like on I Love Lucy — even if the old-school technique is n't widely used anymore . After all , how else does a winemaker really prove her expertise without taking the plunge ? Though it was definitely colder and squishier than I 'd expected.Press play to see how my very own Wölffer Estates rosé ultimately turned out . You 'll be surprised by the incredible artistry and expertise that have perfected this ancient process . I 'm warning you : cravings for a sip or two will absolutely follow.Like what you see ? How about some more R29 goodness , right here ? 5 Work Icebreakers That Are n't Totally AwkwardI Took My Former Boss , Gayle King , To Lunch &amp; We Talked Breakups , Career Goals , &amp; Yes , Oprah 2020Prince Harry &amp; Meghan Markle Have Set A Wedding Date — &amp; It Will Make Brits Very Happy	I Spent A Day As A Winemaker — & It Was Way Harder Than It Sounds
Many have stated that Bitcoin reaching an all-time high above $ 10,000 is the sign of a new transitional period for the cryptocurrency market.Have cryptocurrencies become mainstream?Short answer : NoHalf a percent of global population owns a cryptocurrencyTotal number of Bitcoin users is estimated to be around 45 million according to the Global Cryptocurrency Benchmarking , by the Cambridge Centre for Alternative FinanceThe research combined non-public “ off-chain ” data from more than 150 businesses related to the cryptocurrency market.Therefore , cryptocurrency holders represent less than 0.6 % of the global population.Market capitalisation is peanutsWith Bitcoin reaching a price tag of $ 11,000 , the combined cryptocurrency market capitalisation is approximately at $ 320 billion , while gold is sitting at $ 7.2 trillion as per Thomson Reuters ’ GFMS Gold survey 2017 . The “ digital gold ” represents less than 5 % of gold ’s value.To put things in more perspective , Bitcoin market capitalisation is only 76 % of Apple ’s $ 250 billion cash reserve and 0.015 % of the $ 1.2 quadrillion derivative market.Experience is still unpleasantBitcoin has grown as a more stable technology with increased accessibility to non-technical profiles . For instance , ATMs are popping up in urban hubs , cold storage wallet are affordable , and most of the software has implemented Graphical User Interface ( GUI ) . However , the experience of “ being your own bank ” can get confusing , especially for new entrants in the market . Hard forks , ICOs , smart contracts consist of a terminology that needs time for the masses to comprehend.Furthermore , decentralised applications are still at an early stage of development , without any functional use case with global traction.Today ’s crypto is the 90s of internet ” Ultimately , it took more than 30 years for TCP/IP to move through all the phases — single use , localised use , substitution and transformation — and reshape the economy ” The four-step phase comparison between blockchain and TCP/IP explained by Harvard professors Marco Iansiti and Karim Lakhani can be illustrated as follows : Single use : E-mail vs BitcoinLocalisation : Corporate intranet vs Private ledgers for bank settlementsSubstitution : Online marketplace replaces physical shops vs Private and decentralised marketplaceTransformation : Uberisation vs Society runs on smart contractsAccording to the framework from “ The truth about blockchain ” , the cryptocurrency market is currently at the second stage.Many use cases for cryptocurrency have been presented in the last twelve months , but are “ too early ” for their time . Before cryptocurrency turns into the “ 2000s era ” , there are four main barriers to mass adoption : Social acceptance : the people need to understand the technology , consider it superior to the current one , and adopt it in their day to day life.Regulation : the shift should also be political and societal , where public institutions will have to consider cryptocurrency in the existing legal framework.Technical standards : smart contracts and decentralised applications have no on-boarding standards , maintenance protocols and struggle to achieve organisational transformation at scale.Infrastructure : the market has drastically matured in the last years , but there is still insufficient infrastructure for it to go to the next level . Scalable computation , file storage and external data are amongst the domains falling behind in terms of development.To summarise , a price tag should not define the level of market adoption .	$ 10,000 does make Bitcoin or cryptocurrency mainstream
CHARLOTTE , N.C. ( AP ) — The Panthers will be without starting defensive end Charles Johnson for this Sunday 's pivotal NFC showdown with the New Orleans Saints.Johnson , an 11-year veteran , has been suspended without pay for the team 's next four games for violating the NFL policy on performance enhancing substances . The NFL announced the suspension Friday.Johnson 's suspension begins immediately . He 's eligible to return to the Panthers ' active roster on Dec. 25 . Panthers coach Ron Rivera said the suspension is disappointing.He said Julius Peppers will start in Johnson 's spot and Bryan Cox Jr. will work into the defensive line rotation.Johnson released a statement through the team 's website saying he accepts full responsibility . " I accept full responsibility , " Johnson said in a statement . " I have been recovering from back surgery , dealing with the daily grind of football and mistakenly thought this could help . It was an error in judgment on my part . We have a special group here I wanted to be a part of and felt an obligation to do my part by getting back as soon as possible . I have always prided myself on being a person who does things the right way through hard work , dedication and sacrifice . I want to apologize to my team , ( owner ) Mr. ( Jerry ) Richardson and Panthers fans for this mistake . Regretfully I have disappointed people , but I promise to come back ready to redeem myself when this suspension is over . " It 's the first time Johnson has been suspended.Wide receiver Damiere Byrd , who has spent the last eight games on injured reserve , will take Johnson 's spot on the 53-man roster . Byrd is expected to help fill the void left by wide receiver Curtis Samuel.The Panthers were already dealing with the prospect of being without a few starters against the Saints.Rivera has still not made a decision on whether running back Christian McCaffrey ( shoulder ) , Greg Olsen ( foot ) and linebacker Thomas Davis ( hamstring ) will play against the Saints while recovering from injuries . Those could be game-time decisions .	NFL suspends Panthers DE Johnson 4 games under drug policy
A SUPERMOON is set to fill the sky this weekend with a moon which will appear 14 per cent larger than normal . The astronomical display will take place on Sunday evening in a treat for Brit stargazers . Alamy Live NewsIt is called the full cold moon , the big spirit moon and blue moon . It will be at its brightest on Monday morning - which unfortunately means the sun will have risen and it wo n't be as visible . However it will appear large and bright throughout Sunday night after hitting the largest point in the afternoon . PA : Press AssociationThe phenomenon occurs at the point in the lunar cycle when the moon is closest to the Earth , and the position of the moon to the Earth and the sun means it can be most clearly seen . When these two moments match up , this forms a supermoon . On Sunday the moon will be nearly 26,000 miles closer to Earth than usual . Tom Kerss , of the Royal Observatory , in Greenwich , South East London , said : " It 's close enough to qualify as a supermoon . " It will reach its highest point above the horizon at midnight . It 's perfectly safe to look directly at it , even with a telescope or binoculars . " The last supermoon was in November 2016 and was the biggest moon seen for a generation . Keen photographers captured stunning images of the large and bright moon hanging over cities worldwide . The next time a full moon will come even closer to Earth will be on November 25 , 2034 - so space fans should stick the date in their electronic diaries now . We pay for your stories ! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team ? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too . Click here to upload yours .	Brits to get a glimpse of ‘ full supermoon ’ on Sunday that will be 30 % brighter than normal
The PHS robotics team may not have cheerleaders , but that wo n’t stop them from crushing the competitionPalmyra High School is a formidable opponent when it comes to sports — but a lesser-known team is gaining traction in its arena.The Prototype Panthers , a collective of about 10 students taking on the South Jersey region ’s toughest technological competitors , are n’t exactly athletes in a literal sense . They are PHS ’ first robotics club , and they ’re training their minds to construct a machine that can traverse the obstacle course at January ’s FIRST Tech Challenge , a robotics competition that allows students to compete head-to-head using a sports model . “ One of the objectives in the next competition is to knock off obstacles from pedestals , so I ’m in the process of building the arm to do that as well as lift objects , ” said Joshua Allen , a sophomore at PHS.Supervisor Tony Gore and his band of tech-savvy competitors are coming off the heels of the Fall Harvest FIRST Tech Challenge , where they placed 20th out of 30 teams . The performance was an admirable one , according to Gore , who added it was an improvement from last year , which also happened to be the Prototype Panthers ’ first year of existence.Founded in 1989 , FIRST is a nonprofit designed to inspire young people ’s interest and participation in science and technology and motivate them to pursue education and career opportunities in STEM fields.The FIRST Tech Challenge puts teams to the task of designing , building , programming and operating robots to compete head-to-head in an alliance format . “ You have to build robots that can complete certain tasks , such as stacking blocks or retrieving relics . We decided on designing a robot to stack the blocks , which is the best way we could think of to accumulate plans in the time range we had , ” Gore said . “ We had a couple technical issues that hurt our score in a few rounds , but we ’re redesigning the robot to accommodate for all that . ” Gore said although running into technical problems affected the team ’s ranking in the competition , there is educational value in the mistakes . The team learned it needs to code a program that allows for faster stacking and change the body and platform of their engineered robot.More than anything , FIRST allows students to gain and execute engineering , problem-solving and computer science skills , ever-valuable competencies in an increasingly digital world . “ I like seeing how we make progress and enjoy the opportunity to be creative and use my brain , ” said Kaleb Martin , a freshman at PHS . “ I love technology , coding and creating 3D models . ” And for Gore , who has an IT and computer animation background , winning is n’t really the point . He and his counterpart , science teacher John Yoon , are learning with the students as they set out to build an operable machine from parts and pieces . “ These competitions are about learning and having fun , and while we want to perform well , we just take it in stride if we do n’t , ” Gore said . “ In our workroom , the kids are really enthusiastic . ” Supervisor Tony Gore with his team of tinkerers	Prototype Panthers to face off in FIRST Tech Challenge
As art decorates space , so does music decorate time . It is undoubtedly one of the triumphs of human creativity.Music is a pervasive part of much of our daily lives , whether we consciously notice or not . It has increasingly become a part of the modern-day workplace . With so much of our time being spent at work , and so much of our work being done at computers , music has become inseparable from our day to day tasks — a way to “ optimize the boring ” while looking at screens . It ’s rare to find someone who does n’t have a pair of headphones or earbuds at their desk . At some offices , seeing co-workers pounding their keyboards with headphones on is a status quotient . Let ’s have a quick look at some of the ways in which music increases productivity at work.Music makes repetitive tasks more enjoyableWhen you need to complete a repetitive task that does n’t require a great deal of cognitive functioning ( i.e. mental effort ) once it is learned , music is a critical way to reduce task fatigue . Task fatigue refers to how completing a task over and over can start to feel boring and frustrating.By having music to distract your brain from the repetitiveness of tasks , you can generally continue to work for longer without needing a break to recharge . This can increase productivity.Music Improves MoodMore modern studies would argue that it is n’t music itself , but rather the improved mood your favourite music brings that is the source of bump in productivity . Happy and upbeat music can lead employees to be more productive , cooperative and work harder for the good of the company or team.According to New York Times article , music helps release dopamine and serotonin — “ feel good ” neurotransmitters in the same way that eating something delicious or looking at a beautiful view does . This intuitively flushes your brain with positive emotions . By making you feel happy , music can increase efficiency and productivity.Music Sparks Creativity and InspirationIf you ’re about to tackle a difficult task or begin a creative project , listening to upbeat music beforehand can be a great way to boost your mood and give you a motivational jumpstart . Music relaxes your muscles , slows down the pace of breathing and reduces stress levels . The more relaxed you feel , the more your mind tends to wander , and the more likely you are to come up with creative solutions.Since music is born from creative inspiration , coming in contact with it might inspire the creative spark you need to get in a new frame of thinking , and get your mojo rising . There is no wonder why mornings start with ‘’ aarti ” and “ azaan ” , there are assembly prayers in schools , and National Anthem at the beginning of events of importance.Music encourages CooperationMusic helps mould a new type of working environment that benefits both the employees and employers . People seem more likely to get into sync with each other if they ’re listening to music that has a steady beat to it . While one group is able to enjoy a more supportive workplace , the other may be able to save money and increase productivity . Office sound system as a channel has been under-appreciated as a way to inspire cooperation among co-workers . Listening to music in a group setting can help everyone in the room not only feel more connected with each other , but also put them all in the same state of mind and on the same level.Tread the familiar path for focusIt is beneficial to listen to music you are familiar with if you need to intensely focus for a project . The reason being is that new music is surprising ; since you do n’t know what to expect , you are inclined to listen closely to see what comes next . With familiar music , you know what lies ahead . So , it ’s best to tread a familiar path if you are using music to get things done.Game composers know that the ideal music for many situations is music that enhances the experience without distracting the player . Music with lyrics works best with non-language oriented tasks , like software developing and designing.Music is personalMusic is personal ; and people are programmed differently — so what works for one person right might not work well for another . Some absolutely can not listen to music , especially if there are lyrics , when they write or edit ; and there are some writers who will listen to movie soundtracks to write everything from white pages to blogs . It ’s partly for this reason that the question of whether music helps or hinders our concentration has been a topic of discussion for years.Music is an enchantment , an escape . It is a catalyst and a cue . Music has the power to heal , to rejuvenate and to inspire . It can give wind to your sail and win back time , place and emotions for you.You can always have music at your disposal . Turn it on ( wisely ) to keep your productivity curve rising.Visit www.GiGlue.com to know more about music.Picture credits — google.com	How Music Increases Your Productivity
This blows . Animal lovers flocked to a new zoo promising a penguin exhibit — but found the only aquatic birds in sight were inflatable toys , according to new reports . China ’s Guishan Zoo , the first in the city of Yulin , opened last weekend after advertising itself as a place where visitors could see rare animals and learn about wildlife , The South China Morning Post reported . Posters promoting the new attraction promised a “ special display ” on weekends that included images of penguins , an ostrich and peacocks , according to the report . But when they arrive , visitors were greeted by empty pools filled with dozens of inflatable penguins . There were , at least , real-life turtles , geese and roosters . Local news sites posted pictures of the sad looking blow-up birds , and the images also went viral on Chinese social media , where users blasted the pathetic display . “ You would better off going to the street market to see those animals , ” wrote one user of the Sina Weibo microblogging network , translated by the outlet . “ It is free by the way . ” “ I ca n’t stop laughing , ” another user posted , according to the BBC . “ This is obviously deceiving the consumer . Do n’t tell me the management were sleeping . This is making fun of our intelligence . ” The zoo has since closed , but the owner told The Nanguo Morning Post that the exhibit had been set up by a contractor and she had no idea there would be inflatable animals . This is n’t the first Chinese zoo to deceive its visitors with mundane offerings , according to The South China Morning Post — another in the eastern province of Jiangsu also displayed inflated penguins , and a self-proclaimed “ wild ” zoo in central China ’s Anhui province was instead home to poodles , pet pigs and other domestic animals .	Penguin lovers were n’t impressed with this ‘ zoo ’
I ’d say for most people today when you hear the word startup the images that come to mind are of tech companies or guys huddled in a garage somewhere . Or if you believe the myth that all IT startups get huge funding right off the bat , you might think of brightly colored office spaces where people are encouraged to work in funky attire and have fun at work . Whatever the picture you may have , it probably does involve the making of money . Profit is the driving force behind most startup businesses . Sure they may have founders that are really passionate about what they do , or really feel they can disrupt an existing industry , but let ’s not kid ourselves , people want to make money.Most startups today , particularly in the tech space , tend to have a culture of wanting to make things better while they do things , and many adopt green ways of working to ensure they have minimal impact on the environment , or they may have a social responsibility program to give back to their local community or support a charity they are interested in . In truth though , while these efforts can give some publicity and credit to the business they tend something that costs the business and does n’t directly lead to more sales or profit . There is another way though.We ’ve all heard the term social entrepreneur , and for some people it means someone who is out doing something for the betterment of the crowd as a whole . All too often though , particularly for investors and shareholders , while they want to be seen to be socially responsible , this cuts into the bottom line and their main focus is the core business . Having said all of that , whats really interesting over the last few years is the growing number and success of businesses which are doing something truly beneficial for everyone and making money from the idea.It is possible for startup businesses to be socially responsible and gain at the same timeSeems a bit of a contradiction . In fact when I discussed this with someone he remarked that he disliked the people on the streets who were paid and even on commission , for getting you to give to their selected charity . The idea that you make money while doing something good seemed a bit alien . It was as though we have this mental block that states that if you are doing something socially responsible or charitable then you should n’t want to make money from it at the same time . It ’s an interesting view-point , but I do n’t know that we should criticize charities for paying employees to do this if it ’s the only way they can get people to donate . The mentality still stands for some people though.With this in mind I did some digging into companies that have successfully and notably done both . Turns out that there is a model that allows you to do both and some of the results are fantastic.I started looking at a business founded in India in 2011 . India has a huge problem with plastic waste , and while they ’re not alone with this issue , there is also areas of poverty and challenges around people having enough to eat . Narayana Peesapaty saw the problems of plastic cutlery that India was faced with . Every time he bought food from a take away , street vendor or whatever , they handed him plastic spoons and forks . Eventually this would end up in landfills and in the waterways adding to the waste problem . These small items soon added up to hundreds of tonnes of waste per year which would take forever to degrade . On top of that , the cheap plastics were made from chemicals that cause cancer and lead to other health issues . Why not create a spoon or a fork that was not only biodegradable , but also edible?Edible cutlery might make all the differencePretty soon Bakeys Edible Cutlery was founded with that exact goal . His product , which in any other country might be thought of as a novelty was ideal . It was relatively cheap to make , would break down when exposed to the elements , could be stored for up to 3 years and still be fit for consumption and contained no harmful chemicals . By making the items from millet he could create a really socially responsible product and yet sell it to the same people who had previously been purchasing plastic . ( They even come in different flavors . ) It also meant that if someone was on a tight budget or low-income , when buying their food they got an additional piece that was edible rather than something which would just be disposed of after.The idea was not without challenges , and initially the cost involved was high enough that most people and business could not justify changing from the cheaper plastic , but as production and volume increases the price per unit declines sharply . What ’s more he can get farmers to switch from rice production to millet which requires less water and is better for the environment also . It will probably be several years before he sees this vision of removing the plastic cutlery in favor of this option , but the direction is right . Bakey ’s has even employed people who previously were unemployed and in poorer areas.This example is not unique and more and more we are seeing businesses like this which can do something really beneficial for their community and possibly the world as a whole and still operate as a money-making entity . Granted , not everyone is going to have ideas like this , but at the very least if we keep getting entrepreneurs like this we could potentially solve some big global issues.It may not be a business model for every startup , and it takes a certain type of person to really persevere in a new business at the best of times , but it ’s encouraging to see that there are businesses out there that can see that what ’s good for everyone can also be good for the bottom line . At the very least examples like this should encourage more startups as well as established businesses to do more for their corporate social responsibility policy , and , who knows , maybe even make a little more in the process .	You can be a profitable startup and save the world
Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro has fired or arrested nearly all of the people running the company ’s massive oil industry and put a general with no experience in oil whatsoever in charge . It ’s a dramatic purge that has rattled the industry in the midst of the country ’s severe economic crisis , and another sign the country is growing more authoritarian . The arrests and firings began after Maduro expanded his powers this summer by successfully pushing for the election of a special new law-making body packed with loyalists that replaced the existing opposition-controlled legislative branch of the government . That election was held in defiance of months of street protests against Maduro that left at least 46 people dead and resulted in international sanctions from the US . In August that new body appointed a new attorney general , Tarek William Saab , who has since led a campaign to fire and arrest dozens of oil officials under the banner of weeding out corruption . The country ’s state-owned oil company , PDVSA , has a long-held reputation for shady conduct , and Maduro ’s regime has argued that the company needs to root out graft to become more efficient and deliver more revenue for the government . But analysts say that arrests also serve another purpose : consolidating power for a beleaguered president who has lost the trust of the country ’s population as it endures widespread food shortages and teeters on the edge of a debt crisis . Venezuela is currently struggling to service about $ 120 billion worth of debt as its economy remains locked in a tailspin due to plunging global oil prices . Since August , Saab has arrested 65 oil officials and managers for charges ranging from corruption to sabotage . That string of arrests has included six executives from Citgo , PDVSA ’s Houston-based refining subsidiary . Analysts say that while the arrests began with mid-level executives , Saab has begun to target more high-profile officials over time . This week Maduro ’s regime pulled off its biggest arrests yet , and it was a carefully orchestrated spectacle . On Thursday , Saab announced the arrest of Nelson Martínez , the official who led PDVSA until being fired this week , and Eulogio del Pino , a former oil minister . As Saab announced the arrests at a press conference , video footage of their detainment was broadcast on state television , which included a sequence in which government agents wearing ski masks and wielding assault rifles show up at Del Pino ’s home . The optics are n’t subtle . “ The government is trying to show that they are battling corruption and they are going to work to increase oil production , ” Claudio Rodríguez , an analyst for Caracas Chronicles , an opposition-friendly news and analysis site , told me . But Rodríguez says that there are other motives at play as well — Maduro is also attempting to clear the powerful oil company of potential rivals . “ It ’s a purge for Maduro to consolidate power and get rid of people who might threaten him or have more market-friendly politics , ” Rodríguez said . Maduro is striking out at his enemies because he knows he ’s vulnerable Analysts say that Maduro has targeted Del Pino and other PDVSA officials who are close to Rafael Ramírez , a powerful figure in Venezuelan politics who has openly castigated Maduro in recent months from his post as Venezuela ’s ambassador to the United Nations . Reuters reported on Wednesday that Ramírez has been stripped of his ambassador title , but that has n’t yet been confirmed by the government itself and analysts are unsure of what his official position is at this moment . But the reason Ramírez and his allies are being targeted is clear : As a former head of PDVSA , Ramírez is a well-connected player in the Venezuelan scene and he has emerged as a potential challenger to Maduro in next year ’s presidential election . Furthermore , Maduro ’s anti-corruption arrests also allow him to claim a scapegoat that can explain Venezuela 's economic debacle . “ Everyone knows that PDVSA is Venezuela 's economic motor , and if Maduro can blame its executives for the crisis , it partially deflects the blame from his own administration , ” David Smilde , a scholar of Venezuela at Tulane University , told me . Maduro is doing more than just kicking people out of PDVSA — he’a also installing loyalists . On Sunday , he announced that Maj. Gen. Manuel Quevedo would take control of PDVSA . Quevedo is a former housing minister with no experience in the oil sector . Miguel Tinker Salas , a historian of Venezuela at Pomona College , told me that Maduro hopes to sell the idea that “ a general will bring order and stability to the institution , ” and revive efficiency . But this is about more than just installing a leader with loyalty to Maduro . It ’s also a gesture of Maduro ’s loyalty to the military . Maduro is faring poorly in polls , he ’s presiding over the most dire economic crisis in South America , and he ’s continually resorting to authoritarian policies to keep his grip on power . He knows that he is extremely vulnerable to a military coup , and he has progressively given the military more control over the government during his presidency in order to ward off that possibility . In the past he ’s given the military control over a television station , food imports , and a bank . Now he ’s given them control over the most lucrative part of the Venezuelan economy . “ The military is Maduro 's security blanket and he is making sure they have a stake in the continuation of his presidency , ” Smilde explains . Rodríguez says that the military would likely expect to be able to inherit the tradition of corruption at PDVSA and funnel money into their own coffers . Maduro ’s power play has short-term benefits and long-term costs Analysts say that Maduro likely has secured more stability for his own government by at least claiming to address the issue of corruption — which has been an issue in Venezuelan politics for decades — and installing more loyal officials in the state-owned company . But there are a lot of potential costs here as well . Venezuela ’s oil industry has lost its most experienced decision-makers and officials with incredible speed , and the top official at the helm of PDVSA has no experience in the sector at all . That does n’t bode well for Venezuela ’s lagging oil production . “ If all experienced people are removed from PDVSA , you can expect a more steep drop in oil production , and that will lower revenue for the government , ” Rodríguez says . And foreign investors are likely to read Maduro ’s move as a political power play , says Smilde . That will only discourage them further from pouring any money into the country ’s ailing economy . But during his nearly five years in power , Maduro has never shown an eye for making the hard decisions needed to improve the economy . What he has shown is that he ’s willing to do just about anything to cling to power .	Venezuela is collapsing . Why is its president messing with the one thing that works ?
STeX ICO is Live : - STeX team designed this project with a great combination , the platform which can understand the end user needs simultaneously which can serve the millions of users by building infrastructure.STeX ICO main event sale started on 24th of this month at a price of 2 ETHEREUM for 1000 STeX coins . STeX reached a target of collecting 3703.6 Ethereum in just 5days , so participate in the STeX ICO before the sale ends , because the next price will be 2.5 Ethereum for 1000 STeX coins.STeX Features : -- &gt; 100 % monthly distribution of dividends proportionally among all the STE token holders excluding expenses . - &gt; One single account to access thousands of crypto-currencies . - &gt; More liquidity than ever . - &gt; STE token holder can gain from any role irrespective of designations . - &gt; 100 % secured and most reliable user friendly environment . - &gt; In one word it is the one and only instant gateway for crypto currency.STeX Up : - The ones who purchase the STeX coins will become participants in the STeX up program . Under the STeX partner program STE token holders should tell his friends and family to join the ICO and buy tokens . STE token holders should promote spread their partner link by telling to their colleagues , friends , neighbors etc about the STEX ICO sale main event by making a review on their blog or YouTube channel or a forum post . After the successful promotion you can get 10 % of the STE tokens which were sold by your promotion.STE Token : - The basic design of the STeX token supports the entire life cycle of STeX decentralized autonomous organization . Thereby STeX is planning for the distribution of 100 % dividends proportionally excluding the expenses among all the stakeholders . This distribution process will take place once in a month.STeX Exchange Time Line : -- &gt; Pre-sale was a grand success with 15000 Ethereum , which was held between August and September 2017 . - &gt; ICO main sale started on 24th of this month and going successfully towards its target . - &gt; ICO main sale — Price starts at 0.002 ETHEREUM for 1 STE coin.December 2017 : - Alpha DevelopmentBy December 2017 , - &gt; The STeX project ’s core will ready to test with all the algorithms . - &gt; The STE token holders will be allowed to test the STeX trading terminal project.January 2018 : - STE becomes Tradable on STEX Exchange.STE tokens will be listed on STeX exchange and are available for exchange and trade in Ether as STEETH after the end of ICO ( Initial Coin Offering ) . Buy STE Token Right Now!websiteFebruary 2018 : - By the month of February 2018 , STeX projects full-fledged front-end production will be started.Q2 2018 : - BETA ReleaseBETA , a user-friendly web-based platform which provides the user withinstant access to the biggest choice of crypto currency coins in a 100 % secured environment , with incredible opportunities like worldwide best bid , ask prices.Here in STeX on BETA environment , enables the STE token holders to access thousands of trading instruments with a maximum flexibility , protection and leverage with only one single account.Q3 2018 : - Additional Trading &amp; Investment ServicesBy the end of the year , 2018 STEX will be ready with some additional trading and investment programs.For More Information Please Visit : - websiteWhitePaperBitcointalk ForumTelegramYoutubeInformation Source → AAll Image Source → C	STeX — Service to Million Users which Fulfills The End User Needs
When people ask me how to improve their writing , I usually suggest something that ’s super basic.Yet almost all of us ( including me ) forget about.Know what those two things are?Pen.Paper.Surprised ? Probably not.But you ’ve got to admit , you do n’t think about those things as improving your writing . Instead , you probably think of it as taking away from your writing.Why is that ? Why do we ignore pen and paper?It ’s not efficient . And it ’s usually an extra step.So … I ’ll admit . It ’s not necessary for every writing project , but you should definitely think about it for more complex projects — or for brainstorming.I wrote the first draft of my novel by hand.Yes , that ’s right . I bought a notebook and I wrote in it . I think I bought a blank journal to start and then I finished it in a lined notebook that I got at CVS or something . I ca n’t remember exactly.But this is why I like to write by hand : It ’s physical . Doing stuff with your hands , amazing!It ’s separate . You do n’t need fancy Internet blocking software . There ’s nothing to distract you on the paper except for your own thoughts and your surroundings , which can then actually help you write your book.I ’ve written another novel by hand since then , so it all kind of runs together . . In these notebooks , I wrote long sentences . Not just bullet points and stuff . Or a grocery list . But real sentences.Then I took the notebooks , opened them and began to type in my computer . This is important.This is where I made the transition from pen to the digital . And it helped my edits.At first , I thought about getting a service to type up my important musings ( fancy ) . But then I realized something : I could edit in the process . The re-reading of my own writing , plus me typing it would give me a new opportunity to edit and revise . And you know what ? This part was fun . It gave me new ideas and plot points and descriptions and then I moved stuff around once I typed it.By using pen and paper first , it gave me a fresh perspective once I started editing on a computer.So … what ’s your favorite pen?If you liked this post , please recommend it!I ’m Josh Spilker , a writer and author . I blog about the writing process at Create , Make , Write and write about everyday life at Vaguely Feel . My latest novel is Taco Jehovah .	Two Important Writing Tools That You ’re Overlooking .
Today in class we started working on our Designer Life Hacks projects for my UX/UI class . We sat down and thought of ideas for a website that could be used for a college student , with the emphasis being on what a college student would need , designing the site with the principles of Human Center Design ( HCD ) . Which states , “ HCD starts with a good understanding of people and the needs that the design is intending to meet . ” We started with a few ideas , some of them included a student centered Uber eats ( which delivered snacks to dormitories ) , a peer to peer file sharing of text books , but we finally settled on a virtual reality remote learning . There are several reasons we choose this , there is a problem that it solves , an audience for it and it ’s competitive landscape is not over saturated.The problem that VR education solves is that people using online or remote education tools generally are restricted in the ways that they can engage the material , classmates and their instructors . That ’s a big hindrance to learning , “ The structured schedule of attending class a handful of times per week and having routine face-to-face interactions with instructors can help keep students on task . ” ( Rasmussen.edu , Aug 2017 ) . With VR you do n’t have that problem because you are right there virtually in the classroom with teachers and peers . It ’s possible through technology to hold conversations and engage with people and with the visual part added , its brings the experience more to life.The target audience has grown for distance or remote learning . People have grown more and more accustomed to the flexibility that online learning offers . There is also a more inclusive environment , that allows more people to participate , thus encouraging learning . In addition , they tend to have a national job network as compared to a regional one , and since most people are in school to get a job , that ’s a major advantage.Finally , with the more recent emergence of virtual reality , there is not a lot of educational institutions that utilize the technology . It has gained just enough momentum in the popular culture that people know what it is , and are not hesitant to use it . By 2018 , it ’s projected that there will be 171 million active VR users . I think this leaves an open market for education to come in and make a difference.So in conclusion , I believe that our project of VR Education platform is going to fill a need for consumers and thus create a business goal ; it is going to be understandable and usable , based on our research of online education ; and it is going to have a clean and simple aesthetic , keeping in line with HCD .	VR Learning - Part I : Brainstorming
The world is a vampire , so I 've chosen to take solace the only way I know how : I 'm investing myself deeply in Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 's engagement.For short periods of time , I pretend that I live in a world where this is the important thing to have happened , and that both Meghan and Harry are my close and personal friends whose happiness I am truly invested in.And to commit to my emotional investment , I 'm investing financially . We 're mere hours from a tidal wave of Meghan and Harry commemorative merchandise , and reader , I plan to own it all . Especially if it includes the following : Commemorative coffeeI say this because I 'm drinking coffee , and because I 'm a genius . So think about it : Meghan Markle is American . She is not English , she is not " tea time . " She is one of us . She is you . She is me . And few things represent the amalgamation of our two continents like a limited-edition coffee that is universally beloved . Or , at the very least , not upsetting in any way.A Suits DVD box setI do n't watch Suits and I do n't intend to , but I would be fine with audio commentary voiced only by Meghan and Harry , especially if they just talked about what they were up to over the weekend.Actual suitsBecause I mean , why not?Any cosmetic/hair productLet 's just get one thing out of the way : Meghan Markle 's hair is fantastic and so is her makeup ( and also her style , but look : it 's not like we 're going to abandon our own aesthetics to dress like a famous person ) . So may I suggest a limited-edition line of lipsticks and/or eye shadows and/or highlighters and/or everything she uses because some of us will buy any celebrity-made beauty product and nothing can stop us . Some of us have spent real savings on Fenty Beauty and have trolled the internet for Gigi Hadid 's collaboration with Maybelline . Some of us are weak . And some of us ( but especially me ) would buy anything Meghan told us to buy.TrousersAnd since I should include Harry , we might as well get psyched for a line of commemorative Dockers . I swear , dude has never worn jeans.Button-up shirtsYou may not know much about Meghan Markle , and you may be lacking information about Harry , but try finding a photo in which neither of them is wearing the crispest , cleanest , button-up shirt in the history of all shirts . Now imagine one emblazoned with a commemorative wedding image . Because I imagine it . I imagine it every day.Toy corgisMeanwhile , since Markle dazzled the Queen 's corgis , might I suggest a few small , stuffed toy corgis clad in commemorative wedding scarves . I ca n't suggest selling real corgis since that would be absolutely inhumane.JamJam is boring and I hate buying it . But I would buy the hell out of commemorative jam , and I say this because I bought Downton Abbey jam and tea back in 2014 and would absolutely do it again.Honestly , any boring housewaresThink about all the boring things we have to buy : dish soap , toilet paper , Windex , Kleenex , Q-Tips , margarine , garbage bags . Buying all of these things makes me want to die and at no point in my childhood did I imagine growing up to be a person who cares about which fabric softener was cheapest . So let 's make it easy : Meghan/Harry Commemorative Everything ™ . Because when I throw a dryer sheet into the dryer , I want to tell myself I 'm doing a service to my close and personal best friends who might as well be family.Also , I bet all of it would be of the highest quality , too.SlippersOne would be Harry 's face , the other would be Meghan 's . And I would wear them absolutely everywhere.A notepad on which to make lists and only listsIf available , I would do all my writing on a commemorative notepad as though computers no longer exist.If any of the above come to pass , someone owes me royalties . Either as money or as admission to the Royal Family as godmother or aunt or weird , eccentric friend with the phenomenal slippers.Congratulations to us all .	Give me all the Royal Wedding commemorative merch
News headlines that scream of record highs for the stock market are meaningless for most Americans who are less likely to own equities than in 2007 . But for households headed by someone 75 or older , the tripling value of the stock market since 2009 is more likely to have boosted wealth , Bloomberg reported . Almost 49 percent of older households own stocks , up from 40 percent in 2007 , just before the financial crisis , and about 35 percent in 2013 , when many people were still recovering from the market ’s steep decline , according to data from the Federal Reserve ’s most recent Survey of Consumer Finances . The elderly have had more time to build wealth , and they have experience with investing in stocks . Last year , the wealth gap between the oldest and youngest Americans ( under age 35 ) was the biggest on record . The typical household headed by someone 75 or older boasted a net worth more than 24 times that of one headed by a person under 35 . With estate planning , many seniors are better off planning for their own livelihood rather than leaving anything for their kids or to a favorite charity . That ’s especially true if the market tanks . “ It ’s a very risky world , ” Allan Roth , a financial planner at Wealth Logic LLC in Colorado Springs , told Bloomberg . At some point , “ markets are going to plunge . ”	Report : Stock Wealth Mostly Helps People 75 and Older
Government ’s incredible failures could n’t stop private enterprise from investing in its self interestby Jeffrey A. TuckerThe security lines at the Atlanta airport had grown progressively worse . The lines grew longer , the crowds ever more unruly , the invasiveness of the process ever more intense , the mood of the TSA more crabby and scary . Customers were miserable . It had been getting more terrible all the time , unsustainably so.Those of us who use this airport routinely even started using awkward hacks . I would ask Uber drivers to drop me off at the international terminal , which is vastly better because fewer people are there . Then I would ride the tram back to the main terminal . It made no sense but for the fact that the main terminal would often delay the trip by up to a full hour.Delta persuaded the TSA to let the company pay for a new system.Finally , last year , faced with the serious problem of missed flights , angry customers , and mangled scheduling , Delta airlines decided to do something about a problem that was technically not theirs . The government runs airport security and taxpayers foot the bill . Delta made the decision that this was not going to work for them . In their own interest , they decided to take a different direction.They persuaded the TSA to let them pay for a new system . They shelled out $ 4 million for new staff and $ 1 million for a new system for screening and scanning . Again , Delta paid for everything!The results : pure magic ! I ’ve now been through the new system five times and each time it has been smooth and quick . Delta speculated that they new system would improve efficiency by 20 – 30 % . My experience suggests that it is closer to 90 % . “ At the end of the day , it ’s a hassle for us if our customers ’ travel plans get disrupted because they ’re stuck at security , ” a Delta spokesman told the New York Times last year . “ We end up spending time and money to rebook them and want more control over the security process . ” In the past , every passenger had to stand in a line and grab bins one at a time and push them through the conveying belt . As Delta experts looked at the situation , they realized that this was the source of the hold up.Fives Lines from OneAnd why ? As soon as I tell you , you will see . It meant that every person had to wait for the slowest person in the line to finish . Even if only one person in 10 is slow , the entire experience slowed down for everyone.The new system allows five at a time to put their things in bins that are on an automatic roller . You put your things in and push the bin forward onto the automatic roller . The bins return automatically so that employees do n’t have to fuss with them.It is the equivalent of turning one line into five lines . Incredibly , this one change dramatically changed the process from mind-numbingly slow to very fast and efficient.There are more benefits aside from the pure efficiency . I ’ve noticed that TSA employees themselves are in a better mood these days . And the passengers too . They actually have smiles on their faces ! That ’s better for everyone.Think of it . After 9/11 , Congress created a new system that took responsibility for security away from private enterprise and gave it over to government completely . What could go wrong ? Absolutely everything . In fact , I wrote as much at the time.Congress decided to forget all lessons of history and do something spectacularly stupid.Everything about the history of humanity suggests that something fully controlled by government is going to go wrong , but in a moment of panic , Congress decided to forget all lessons of history and do something spectacularly stupid.In the years that have passed , there have been few greater annoyances than airport security ( well , that and taxes ) . But now we see how a system evolves . Private enterprise decided to throw itself into the mix , take a risk at innovating , and voilá ! it worked . Now , with just an added element of private creativity added , the system has become vastly better.Is this a kind of surreptitious privatization ? In a word , yes . It is happening without legislation and without big headlines . But it is vastly improving the lives of millions.If you do n’t have this at your airport yet , give it time . It is coming . Airport security just ca n’t continue as it is . There is one possible solution already beginning . As usual , private enterprise will fix what government can not do.Jeffrey Tucker is Director of Content for the Foundation for Economic Education . He is founder of Liberty.me , Distinguished Honorary Member of Mises Brazil , economics adviser to FreeSociety.com , research fellow at the Acton Institute , policy adviser of the Heartland Institute , founder of the CryptoCurrency Conference , member of the editorial board of the Molinari Review , an advisor to the blockchain application builder Factom , and author of five books , most recently Right-Wing Collectivism : The Other Threat to Liberty , with a preface by Deirdre McCloskey ( FEE 2017 ) . He has written 150 introductions to books and many thousands of articles appearing in the scholarly and popular press . He is available for press interviews via his email.This article was originally published on FEE.org . Read the original article.The portion directly above this section is the original article , here and below is not . Any image at the top and any caption just below it are also not part of the original article . The article is published here without permission or endorsement from the original author or publication . Liberation Day has attempted to be in accordance with the original article ’s CC 4.0 License .	Delta Paid for Its Own Security Upgrade and Fixed Everything
In vaccination , a certain subpopulation of dendritic cells is vital to triggering the body 's adaptive immune system , report researchers at The Jackson Laboratory ( JAX ) , Yale University and Astra-Zeneca . Their findings have important implications for vaccine delivery , as the usual method , intramuscular injection , is likely not the most effective way to target those dendritic cells . Vaccines train the immune system to fight a given pathogen ( e.g. , bacteria or virus ) , known generally as an antigen , by simulating a natural infection . When an antigen is detected , a dendritic cell , which has the job of processing and transporting antigens , carries it to a lymph node . There it " presents " the antigen to a specialized T cell , known as a T follicular helper ( Tfh ) cell , activating it . Through signaling the Tfh cells stimulate B cells , which in turn produce antibodies specific to the antigen . So for a vaccine to work at its best , it needs to be delivered where it 's most accessible to dendritic cells . However , there are many different kinds of dendritic cells , and they 're not distributed uniformly throughout the body . In a paper published in Science Immunology , the team , led by senior co-authors JAX Assistant Professor Adam Williams , Ph.D. and Stephanie Eisenbarth , M.D. Ph.D. , of Yale , showed that dendritic cells known as cDC2s ( for CD11b + migratory type 2 conventional DCs ) are both necessary and sufficient for robust Tfh cell induction . Working with mice that lack a protein needed for cDC2 mobility , the team demonstrated that Tfh cells were not induced and antibodies not produced following vaccination , even in the presence of other , functional dendritic cells . The authors used inhalants for their research and show that multiple types of DCs access antigens through this delivery form . In particular , cDC2s deliver inhaled antigens to lung-draining lymph nodes , and there induce a potent Tfh response . In contrast , the usual method of vaccination through intramuscular injection delivers antigen to where cDC2s are relatively scarce . Based on older epidemiological data and a similar repertoire of cDC2s in the superficial layer of the skin , the researchers speculate that intradermal injections may be far more efficient in driving antibody production . Moreover , more efficient delivery of vaccines could mean that smaller doses could be administered , expanding the number of people who could be vaccinated during a pandemic or when a given vaccine is in short supply . Williams notes that the work also underscored the importance of using an animal model system rather than in vitro cell lines . " Not only are dendritic cell types concentrated in different areas of the body , they also migrate to specialized areas within the lymph node . This fundamental aspect of immune architecture is lost in vitro , " says Williams . " Having mouse models in which specific dendritic cells were disabled or deleted was essential for this work . " The Jackson Laboratory is an independent , nonprofit biomedical research institution based in Bar Harbor , Maine , with a National Cancer Institute-designated Cancer Center , a facility in Sacramento , Calif. , and a genomic medicine institute in Farmington , Conn . It employs more than 2,000 staff , and its mission is to discover precise genomic solutions for disease and empower the global biomedical community in the shared quest to improve human health .	Location , location , location : Immunization delivery site matters
By Steve Holland WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Donald Trump is likely to deliver a speech on Wednesday recognising Jerusalem as Israel 's capital , a senior U.S. official said on Friday , a move that could upend decades of American policy and further inflame tensions in the Middle East . Two administration officials said on Thursday that even as Trump was considering the controversial declaration , he was expected to again delay his campaign promise to move the U.S. embassy there from Tel Aviv . The international community does not recognise Israel 's claim on all of Jerusalem , home to sites holy to the Jewish , Muslim and Christian religions . A U.S. stance deviating from that of previous presidents , who have insisted that the matter must be decided in peace negotiations , would anger Palestinians , who want the city 's eastern sector as the capital of their future state , and the broader Arab world . It could seriously undermine the U.S. administration 's fledgling effort , led by Trump son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner , to restart long-stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace talks . Such a move , however , could help satisfy the pro-Israel , right-wing base that helped Trump win the presidency and also please the Israeli government , a close U.S. ally . The senior official said on condition of anonymity that the decision was not final and could still change . " We 've nothing to announce , " said a spokesperson with the White House National Security Council . After months of intense White House deliberations , Trump is seeking to strike a balance between domestic political demands and geopolitical pressures over the status of Jerusalem , one of the most sensitive core issues of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Trump is likely to continue his predecessors ' policy of signing a six-month waiver overriding a 1995 law requiring that the U.S. embassy be moved from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , the officials said on Thursday . But among the options under consideration is for Trump to order his aides to develop a longer-term plan for the embassy 's relocation to make clear his intent to do so eventually , the officials said .	Trump likely to recognise Jerusalem as Israel 's capital next week - official
To mark World AIDS Day on Friday , an important photo campaign is once again sharing the stories and experiences of people around the world who are living with the HIV virus . An annual project from Positively Aware magazine ― an HIV/AIDS treatment journal published by the Test Positive Aware Network non-profit organization ― “ A Day With HIV ” tells the story of a 24-hour period of time where people compile different elements of their lives into one comprehensive photo essay . First launched in 2010 , “ A Day With HIV ” continues to provide a humanizing role in elevating the voices of HIV-positive people on a global level . “ Each year the faces change , however the stories of hope and courage in these photos empower others to break through the stigma that often exists in real life for many living with or affected by HIV , ” Positively Aware editor-in-chief Jeff Berry previously told HuffPost . “ Our hope is that by sharing their stories with one another , we can show that there is life beyond HIV . ” Head here to see more from Positively Aware .8 : 10 AM : Amersfoort , The Netherlands Eliane Becks Nininahazwe : On my way to Den Haag [ The Hague ] to get my visa so I can travel to Burundi , where I will provide HIV education to the indigenous Batwa people . 9:30 AM : Baltimore , Maryland Mark S. King : My dear friend Edwin J. Bernard , an HIV criminalization reform advocate , visited me from England . I am grateful that HIV activism has brought me such wonderful friends . 11:11 AM : New Orleans , Louisiana Eryck Dillard : I took this picture in my office . Though I ’m not living with HIV , I can directly relate because this is my community , A day has never gone by that I have n’t fought for my brother , sisters , and gender non-conforming persons who are living with HIV . This is our movement and this is our liberation ! 12:38 PM : Los Angeles , California Damone Thomas : As an HIV counselor , a typical day with HIV is preparing the testing lab and being equipped with information for clients : how they can reduce their risks without shame or discrimination in an effort to lower the transmission of HIV and other STIs , and if they are positive , to get them linked to treatment and care immediately . 3:00 PM : Atlanta , Georgia Shyronn : Homework time for my kindergartener . 3:00 PM : Seattle , Washington Anthony Adero Olweny : Being a peer navigator living with HIV , living with HIV is almost like a day-to-day testimony that HIV treatment works . 3:00 PM : Washington state Maggie : I want to post something upbeat for A Day with HIV but for me , I feel loneliness and fear ... In the small pockets of time when I get to connect with my positive community , I feel love and acceptance , but those times are so few and far between . ” 4:22 PM : San Francisco , California Jésus Guillen : As an HIV-long term survivor , I have many beautiful moments , but also some very painful ones . Every day , learning to live and enjoy the moment ; a moment after that , I never know . For the instant , a jump of life . 5:35 PM : Manila , Philippines “ Yomi ” : After a long counseling session with a client , the day is finally over . Living with HIV does not stop with your diagnosis , especially if you want to make a difference , like helping at a treatment facility . Give hope to those who are newly diagnosed . 5:42 PM : Philadelphia , Pennsylvania Andrena Ingram : A lot has happened in a year . I had a pacemaker/defibrillator implanted and am currently living with a heart performance percentage of 20 % . My church closed its doors due to financial issues , and I am currently adjusting to living a new normal . I just came from a morning of hanging out with a friend . I ’m contemplating the future possibility of a mechanical heart . They do n’t do heart transplants on persons with HIV . 6:00 PM : Miami , Florida Alessandro Pino , Andre Ampudia , Matthew Phelps , Andres Sosa , Yoel Moreno , Nicholas Ferrera , and Alejandro Suarez ( not shown ) of Latinos Salud : HIV does n’t discriminate ; good thing pizza does n’t either ! 6:00 PM : Doha , Qatar David Duran , 37 : Eight and a half years HIV-positive , 8 years undetectable , and 5 years since I made a life change , quit my job , and began traveling full-time as a freelance writer . I ’ve now been to more than 70 countries and all seven continents , and nothing , including my HIV status , is going to slow me down . 6:31 PM : Brooklyn , New York Lillibeth Gonzalez : Diagnosed 25 years ago . Out and about in Brooklyn , enjoying the wonderful weather . Informing people about preventative measures : PrEP , PEP , antiretrovirals , staying undetectable , and healthy with HIV . I ’m unstoppable . #Undetectable for 10 years . 8:28 PM : New York , New York Charles Sanchez : At a rehearsal studio in Manhattan , after a day of meetings and rehearsals for season 2 of my HIV-positive musical comedy web series , " Merce . " I take a moment to reflect on how full my life is . Full of creativity , friends , family , music , laughter , and joy . HIV was n’t invited to my party , but since she ’s here , I make that bitch dance ! 8:34 PM : Long Beach , California Michael Buitron : The group hug at the end of Support Positive , a newly diagnosed drop-in group I ’ve been doing at The LGBTQ Center Long Beach for six years . Two new participants today , along with new disclosures in a room full of non-judgmental , supportive peers .	‘ A Day With HIV ’ Campaign Tells The Powerful Stories Of Those Affected By HIV
AMANDA STAVELEY has made a second £ 300million bid for Newcastle - upping the pressure even more on owner Mike Ashley . Negotiations are now thought to be at a delicate stage , although sportswear tycoon Ashley still wants nearer £ 400m . PA : Empics SportStaveley 's PCP Capital Partners are reportedly keen to pump money into manager Rafa Benitez 's squad in the January transfer window . And Liverpool supporter Staveley , a businesswoman with a wealth of connections , knows Benitez from his time as Kop chief . She also helped Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed ’s Abu Dhabi United Group take over Manchester City in 2008 . That cash injection transformed City . PA : Press AssociationAnd Staveley is thought to concur with Benitez that Newcastle 's only chance of challenging for a place in Europe is a large splash-out on players . Ashley has reportedly been keen to sell the Magpies before Christmas . Staveley 's consortium are regarded as the only serious bidder so far . PCP signed a non-disclosure agreement with Newcastle in October . And Staveley has been studying the club 's books ever since then . Toon fans seem keen for her to take over , not least because Ashley has failed to invest in the playing side as much as they want . Staveley 's first offer included a clause giving PCP compensation if Newcastle get relegated this season . Ashley was unhappy with this , though . PA : Press AssociationSo Staveley 's new offer is likely to include some key changes , as she had hoped for a buy-out before Christmas . That looks unlikely now , as time is running out . Benitez might well be frustrated by the slow progress because he hoped to spend big in the January transfer window . Keep up to date with ALL the transfer news and gossip on our blog	Amanda Staveley consortium makes second £ 300m Newcastle takeover bid
The moments of “ Hallelujah ” to “” Why do I even bother living ” . We all share in this natural rhythm of physical , emotional , mental , and spiritual rise and ebb . No one is exempt and no personal area is less important than the other . Life is mountain peaks and tar pits and the only difference in the place in which you find yourself each moment is you personal viewpoint . Your job is to simply keep moving.Life is a study of actions and reactions , observances and disregards , logical and irrational , divine and mundane , brilliant light and shattering darkness . We move constantly between opposing forces to find that middle ground on which we feel comfortable to build upon.Every twist and turn of our rising and falling pathway shows a hue of grey and we must choose to traverse it or not . It is our decision . When the ground onto which we are standing shifts and places us in a less than optimal position that causes all the negative feelings to surround ourselves we may freeze into quiescent despair . What happens then depends on what we have gleaned from our life lessons thus far.We may call upon family and friend connections to spur us into action , we may lean upon our spiritual beliefs to help us rise above adversity , or perhaps we are without these and so find those answers and others in our struggle to move ourselves forward . We do the best we can with what we have harvested from our life ’s journey . We may falter in stride , fall , wail or rest but we eventually get up and chose another path . We never quit learning or moving.We are on an acquisition of knowledge and a skill building journey . There are no absolutes in answers for any of us . We are all individuals striving to connect to that inner calling of “ soul ” . People build on personal experiences that include our place of dwelling on earth , and our physical , emotional , spiritual and never ending questing minds . It is humanities greatest asset and our gravest flaw.We have ends of black and white but the tones of grey that is where humanity must co-exist . Centuries of art , science , religion , politics have shaped us but never throughout all time have we sat and stagnated in any areas . Humans were meant to question , build , dream , follow and lead . Some into war some into peace . We move both as individuals and groups within groups.Our world history we each look back into , again arriving at different viewpoints of what has past , and wonder why we struggle to agree on what is our future.We have such a world kinship thru technology in our lifetime there is no reason that we can not build on the basic goodness of humanity through this avenue of linked individuals . Being connected and travelling to the lighter side of the spectrum on chosen pathways there is strength in purpose to individuals of today . Can we realise that within the grey tone surrounding us are like minded outlines of people that also catch glimpses of each other.Time to reach out and connect souls so that all may find their way into the light as one .	Tar-pits to Mountain Peaks
Welcome to Trash Or Nawl , a weekly column to help you weed through the Internet Muck . To do that , I ’ll be breaking it down to a helpful binary : Is something trash ? Or nawl ? Topics here will involve sports and whatever else the hell I say is sports or sports adjacent . I ’ll do my best to make sense of what 's going on each week , but the thing to remember is no matter what I say , most of these things are still trash . You might say this is simplistic , and hell yeah it is . This is how I make sense of the chaos . Professional grade hating restores power to my powerless stupid fan hands . I give a middle finger because I 've given up clapping . Trash or Nawl criteria : We will pick a topic . We will breakdown why or why it is n't trash . You can agree , you can comment or tweet your disagreements . Or we can fight . Really , it 's up to you . Ay , Somebody Talk To They Mans Malcolm Verdict : Super Garbage Let ’s Talk ‘ Bout That Chain Snatchin ’ ** puts shit-talkin cap byke on ** Crab continues to wear goofy ass chains Uncle Aqib ai n’t one to fuck wit Crab got embarrassed and now needs to rectify said situation Thankfully , we had Marshawn Lynch , apparently the nation ’s best diplomat , to escort Uncle Aqib to the back of the club after he knocked all the drinks over . The only one here who won was Marshawn , as are the rules and customs of our current world . Verdict : Not Trash All Hail The King Of New York ( not Kendrick ) : GENO SMITH Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ** gun sounds ** so many people finna be mad at Geno so many people finna be mad Eli ai n’t playin so many people finna remember Geno got his soul snatched for $ 600 in the locker room the last time he was supposed to play so many people finna be mad if Geno is good this time and so many people finna realize THE QUARTERBACK POSITION IS FINALLY FULLY INTEGRATED Y’ all funny as shit . Fuck Eli . #TeamGeno Verdict on Geno : Not Trash for #Reasons Verdict on everything else : Trash If you disagree with these verdicts , comment below . As stated earlier , you can agree , comment , tweet through your frustration or fight . Really , it ’s up to you .	Trash Or Nawl : Somebody Talk To They Mans Malcolm Jenkins
Technically Incorrect offers a slightly twisted take on the tech that 's taken over our lives.Those who create the future often fail to anticipate the downsides of their creations.I 'm therefore swooning with admiration at a new patent that 's just been granted to Amazon.The company has at least considered what might happen when one of its delivery drones encounters mechanical difficulties . So this patent , first spotted by the Verge , envisions " directed fragmentation of an unmanned aerial vehicle . " The idea is that Amazon 's technicians and computers would take a look at where the drone is flying , examine the terrain below , take account of any wind or other weather conditions and then automatically break up the drone into smaller pieces that might cause less damage as they fall.Amazon included a drawing to help envision the effect.This is no small concern.Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos insists that his company 's delivery drones will be as common as mail trucks.We 'll have to get used to the buzzing overhead , but that irritation will surely be nothing compared to the buzzing in our hearts that our new Kim Kardashian photography book will be landing shortly.Now , though , we might also have to get used to bits of drones spontaneously falling into our gardens . One can only hope that Amazon 's cameras will be fully aware of what 's happening on the ground . Some of us are very attached to our local squirrels.Amazon did n't immediately respond to a request for comment.The invention has the potential to make some uneasy every time they see one of these little things in the sky . What if it accidentally drops the lingerie it 's carrying straight onto my car?This is n't the only Amazon drone patent application that might incite discomfort . Earlier this year , the company was granted a patent that allows its drones to coincidentally capture details about a property as they fly over it.The official reason was to offer customers " a recommendation . " It 's unclear what sort of recommendation , but " Hey , you need a new roof , buy one on Amazon " is surely not beyond the bounds of reason.On the drones , we 're left wondering : If it has to be broken down remotely , what will happen to the package it 's carrying ? Wo n't someone who finds it be tempted to keep it ? Just imagine if it 's a new MacBook or a Galaxy S8 . This self-disintegration could really make someone 's day . Technically Incorrect : Bringing you a fresh and irreverent take on tech . Special Reports : CNET 's in-depth features in one place .	Amazon patents self-disintegrating drone
LIVE Ottawa More Streams Ottawa police are searching for the driver involved in a hit and run in Barrhaven that sent a teen to hospital Thursday afternoon . Gavin Oliver , 13 , said he was crossing Kennevale Drive at a crosswalk in front of Honeywell Elementary School around 4:30 p.m. when a speeding vehicle ran a stop sign and struck him . " I saw this car coming really fast , I was a little curious and confused because it was going really fast , but I still thought it would stop at the stop sign , " he said Friday . " As soon as I realized it was n't going to stop I kind of started to move out of the way , but he still hit me … I kind of went flying . " Oliver was on his daily newspaper route when he was struck . He was taken to hospital in non-life-threatening condition . According to a Facebook post by his father , the boy 's newspaper cart was " destroyed " in the collision . ' It 's scary to get that call ' His mother said her son could have a fractured ankle . " It 's scary to get that call as a parent , to hear that your child has been hit by a car . And then to learn it was a hit and run ? It still feels surreal , " said his mother , Kelly Oliver . " That 's not supposed to happen … people are not supposed to leave the scene of a crime . " Oliver said there are traffic-calming posts near the intersection where her son was hit , and a posted speed limit of 40 km/h . In the Facebook post , Corey Oliver described the vehicle as a " dark ( perhaps blakc ) SUV " that " may have sustained damage or scratches to the front . " Police did not provide their own description of the vehicle . Anyone with information is asked to contact Ottawa police .	Police hunt driver after teen struck in hit and run
I ’ve learned a lot this year . I ’m a recent grad , and this summer I made the move from research to industry . The choice to leave was n’t exactly easy . My background ’s in mathematics , and I have a Masters in Pure Mathematics from the University of Toronto . Studying math at the graduate level there meant I had a lot of opportunities to work on some of the coolest and most challenging problems in the field : areas like machine learning , general relativity and stochastic PDEs . The hands-on opportunities for machine learning were particularly good , as the faculty there features some of the world ’s leading experts on the subject . It was n’t a bad gig , and I had already starting thinking about starting my PhD.In retrospect , though , I ’m really glad I looked at some of the industry opportunities . Before long , I was hired by DeepLearni.ng as an engineer , and since then I ’ve been helping them translate the latest machine learning and deep learning research into real-world applications for business . Starting at DeepLearni.ng has proved to be a lot more challenging ( and exciting ) than I first anticipated . Before joining the team , I was pretty confident that deploying the technology for businesses would n’t be so different from building models for research . After all , it ’s just a matter of applying a machine learning model to a dataset , right ? I quickly realized that my initial guess was very wrong.Get Hash ’s full story on the surprising challenges behind enterprise complexity over on the DeepLearni.ng blog here.Hashiam Kadhim is a Lead Machine Learning Engineer at DeepLearni.ng .	A Machine Learning Engineer ’s Fresh Takes on Enterprise Deployment
A somber Michael Flynn pleaded guilty Friday morning to knowingly making false statements to the FBI last December . Decked in a navy suit and striped tie , Flynn stoically acknowledged that he had told the FBI false statements about his contact with then Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak in December 2016 and pledged cooperation with the Special Counsel Robert Mueller , who is helming the investigation into possible collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign in the 2016 election . The hearing lasted under an hour , but the room was filled to capacity , with outstanding attendees directed to the overflow room . The line to enter the courtroom where Flynn would plead guilty extended nearly an entire hallway . The federal prosecutors ’ presentation in the courtroom also included acknowledgements that Flynn discussed his contact with the Russian ambassador with an unnamed , senior member of President Trump ’s transition team . It also stated that on March 7 , 2017 he had made false statements when he filed documents pertaining to the Foreign Agent Registration Act , but no charge for that was included . Flynn ’s responses to the judge were short and clipped . “ Yes , ” he said when the Judge asked him if he had discussed his guilty plea with his attorneys . “ Yes , your honor , ” he said when he was asked if he understood all the possible consequences of his sentencing . ( The guidelines and ultimate punishment is still to be determined ) . His voice dipped slightly , at least according to the audio provided to the overflow room , when he was asked specifically what he was aware of regarding his possible sentencing , but it remained steady throughout . He left the courtroom stone faced , accompanied by his attorney . The two went into an elevator , setting off a frenzy among the press , who rushed down the stairs to try and catch them . But they never appeared . Instead , Flynn released a statement through his attorney claiming those who alleged he had committed treason were wrong , but he acknowledged he had made mistakes . “ The actions I acknowledged in court today were wrong and through my faith in God I am working to set things right , ” he said . “ My guilty plea and agreement to cooperate with the Special Counsel ’s office reflect a decision I made in the best interests of my family and our country . I accept full responsibility for my actions . ” Here is his full statement : “ After over 33 years of military service to our country , including nearly five years in combat away from my family , and then my decision to continue to serve the United States , it has been extraordinarily painful to endure these many months of false accusations of ‘ treason ’ and other outrageous acts . Such false accusations are contrary to everything I have ever done and stood for . But I recognize that the actions I acknowledged in court today were wrong , and , through my faith in God , I am working to set things right . My guilty plea and agreement to cooperate with the Special Counsel ’s Office reflects a decision I made in the best interests of my family and of our country . I accept full responsibility for my actions . ”	Inside the Courtroom Where Michael Flynn Pleaded Guilty
Sometimes , finding the right tool can make all the difference in achieving your weight loss goals . After her husband bought her an Instant Pot four years ago , Brittany Williams relied on the cult-favorite multi-cooker to change her family 's eating habits for the better — and lost 125 pounds in the process.The mom of three behind the popular blog Instant Loss had previously depended on fast food , frozen meals , and processed snacks to get quickly get dinner on the table , but a surprise diagnosis in January 2016 made her realize something had to change . Her young daughter had developed rheumatoid arthritis , and Williams herself struggled with a challenging autoimmune disease . " I took medication on and off for 10 years . During healthy eating stints I 'd notice my hands would begin to shake which was a sign of over-medicating , " she told TODAY . " I would stop taking my medication for a time and while I was eating clean my thyroid would regulate on it 's own . As soon as I began to add processed foods back into my diet , I would have to go back on medication . " While she had first used her Instant Pot to make starchy , buttery and cheesy dishes , Williams decided to start filling the convenient device , which works as both a slow cooker and a pressure cooker , with real , wholesome ingredients instead . She specifically adopted an autoimmune protocol ( AIP ) diet , which nixes refined sugars and processed foods . " By the end of April [ 2017 ] , after I lost about 50 pounds , I posted a photo and a little blurb to encourage others in the Instant Pot community [ on Facebook ] that eating well with the pressure cookers was convenient and possible . The post blew up . I was shocked ! " Williams told TODAY . " I was inundated with private messages and friend requests . Everyone wanted to know what recipes I was using and how I did it . " The influx of interest inspired her to start her own blog , which she says got 52,000 views on the first day . While she 's not a paid spokeswoman for Instant Pot , Williams says that the device " eliminated one of my biggest obstacles " when it came to healthy eating because she could finish making dinner in less than 30 minutes . Now , she 's working on a book of healthy slow-cooker recipes.Jaclyn London , MS , RD , CDN , Nutrition Director at the Good Housekeeping Institute agrees that making one change at a time is super important when it comes to forming healthier habits that stick . " If that means cooking at home more often : Commit to doing just that , one more time per week , " she advises . " Starting with something ( seemingly ) small is the easiest , most efficient way to achieve a bigger goal — and stay motivated to keep doing it ! " As for what to make , London agrees that meals and snacks made with real , whole foods ( especially veggies ! ) are the always the # 1 way to a better diet , long-term health , and weight loss . If you 'd like to give a multi-cooker a go ( or wrap one up this Christmas ! ) , the Good Housekeeping Institute likes the Instant Pot , but actually recommends the Fagor Lux instead . The Lux actually comes to pressure a whole 15 minutes sooner than the Instant Pot , meaning you can get dinner done that much sooner . ( h/t TODAY )	How the Instant Pot Helped This Woman Lose 125 Pounds
James Franco is in talks to direct and star in a film about prolific children ’s book author , cartoonist , and lyricist Shel Silverstein . Chris Shafer and Paul Vicknair will pen the adaptation based on Lisa Rogak ’s book “ A Boy Named Shel . ” MWM Studios , formerly known as OddLot Entertainment , will produce along with McG and Mary Viola ’s production company , Wonderland Sound and Vision . MWM will also co-finance . Franco and Vince Jolivette will exec produce through Rowena Films , along with Adrian Alperovich for MWM Studios . Stacy Keppler will co-produce with Sean Sorensen . Silverstein was also a poet , singer , songwriter , and screenwriter . His work was translated into more then 30 languages and sold over 20 million copies . The film will focus not only on his struggles professionally , but personally as well , and trace how he became the iconic author he is today . Franco is set to start his awards campaign for his dramedy “ The Disaster Artist , ” which details the making of the now-cult-classic “ The Room . ” The film and Franco are expected to be Oscar contenders . He is also coming off strong reviews for the HBO series “ The Deuce , ” which was just picked up for a second season by the network . He is repped by UTA and Anonymous Content . The news was first reported by Deadline Hollywood .	James Franco to Direct and Star in Biopic About Artist Shel Silverstein
With the network still reeling over the firing of one of its biggest stars , NBC News chairman Andy Lack acknowledged in a memo on Friday that the sexual misconduct allegations against Matt Lauer exposed organizational failures . " Many of you have asked what we are doing to learn as much as we can about the circumstances around Matt Lauer 's appalling behavior , why this was able to happen , and why it was n't reported sooner , " Lack said . " This week we saw that when an employee comes forward to report misconduct , the system works . The complaint is quickly assessed and meaningful action is taken . But we also learned that we must do a much better job of making people feel empowered to take that crucial first step of reporting bad behavior . " Lack also said that the network is taking steps to make it easier for women to come forward with complaints . He told employees that NBC 's news division will implement an in-person sexual harassment training , to go along with the mandatory online training the organization already has in place , and that he is urging leaders to hold " smaller , more informal gatherings to further discuss this crucial issue now and on an ongoing basis . " Lauer , the longtime co-host of the " Today " show and one of the highest paid anchors on television , was fired Wednesday morning after an employee at NBC filed a complaint about " inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace . " Since then , Variety and the New York Times each published allegations from more women against Lauer , who issued an apology on Thursday . The memo on Friday came at a potentially precarious time for Lack as questions mount -- both in the halls of NBC and throughout the media world -- over what exactly was known about Lauer 's behavior toward women . Variety , citing several unnamed women , reported that complaints to NBC executives about Lauer " fell on deaf ears given the lucrative advertising surrounding ' Today . ' " Immediately after the firing , Lack said this week represented the first complaint against Lauer in his career at NBC . After the Variety story published Wednesday afternoon , a spokesperson for NBC News said , " We can say unequivocally , that , prior to Monday night , current NBC News management was never made aware of any complaints about Matt Lauer 's conduct . " An internal probe will likely determine the veracity of those claims , raising the potential for yet more fallout to come . Lack and other top NBC brass will be scrutinized as part of that effort . In his memo on Friday , Lack said that a " team of the most experienced NBCUniversal Legal and Human Resources leaders have begun a thorough and timely review of what happened and what we can do to build a culture of greater transparency , openness and respect for each other . " At the conclusion of the review we will share what we 've learned , no matter how painful , and act on it , " he said . CNNMoney ( New York ) First published December 1 , 2017 : 3:06 PM ET	NBC News chair : Lauer allegations show ' we must do a better job '
I am hardwired to respond to people ’s reactions/actions . Reactions can be as apparent as a verbal response or as subtle as a change in body language.This response can lead me to change my behavior , for better or for worst.If I blindly let these responses dictate my actions and my habits , I ’m more likely than not to be led down the wrong path.I believe that : People ’s responses to things are arbitrary . There responses are not necessarily rational or thought out.If I want to be average , think and do what everyone else is doing . Be pulled in multiple directions by various responses.Who do I listen to?Above average people . People who have achieved what I want to achieve.Rational people . People who can divorce themselves from their personal preferences and fears.Empathic people . People who can put themselves in other people ’s shoes . People who listen before they judge and assess.Myself . I need the ability to detach myself from the current situation and all the associated feelings with it . That is when I can hear myself and when I ’m right .	Reasons to Not to Listen to People
Every day , Wall Street analysts upgrade some stocks , downgrade others , and " initiate coverage " on a few more . But do these analysts even know what they 're talking about ? Today , we 're taking one high-profile Wall Street pick and putting it under the microscope ... Tiffany &amp; Co. ( NYSE : TIF ) reported its fiscal Q3 2017 earnings early Wednesday morning , sparking an immediate 1.6 % sell-off in the shares . By the end of Thursday , however , the negative sentiment had already reversed , and Tiffany stock was trading back above where it was pre-earnings . Which reaction to Tiffany 's earnings was the right one : Selling it or buying it ? Well , according to the analysts at KeyBanc , it 's the latter . This morning , KeyBanc upgraded shares of Tiffany to overweight . Here are three things you need to know about that . 1 . Tiffany 's earnings report Tiffany reported a 3 % gain in worldwide sales year over year for fiscal Q3 -- $ 976 million total -- with sales in Japan sinking 8 % , but sales elsewhere in region more than making up the difference for 15 % total growth in Asia-Pacific . U.S. sales increased 1 % , and European sales were up 5 % . Diluted per-share profits grew 5 % year over year to $ 0.80 . By any measure , Tiffany 's results exceeded analysts ' expectations . Wall Street had predicted that Tiffany would earn only $ 0.76 per diluted share on sales of $ 957 million . Even gross margins increased -- up a modest 30 basis points to 61.3 % . 2 . What KeyBanc had to say about that In a note covered by StreetInsider.com ( requires subscription ) , KeyBanc keyed in on Tiffany 's " recent strength in silver jewelry " sales ( which are generally lower-priced ) and " signs of improvement in higher-end jewelry . " Noting the slight improvement in margins , KeyBanc predicted that over the next few years , investors should expect to see Tiffany 's profit margins increase 50 to 100 basis points per year . Combined with also-rising sales , this should yield continued earnings growth for Tiffany &amp; Co. , a fact that KeyBanc says justifies a $ 115-per-share price target on Tiffany stock . 3 . Management is hungry for more KeyBanc also likes " the high sense of urgency " Tiffany 's new management team projects . Despite a generally positive earnings report , new CEO Alessandro Bogliolo chided the company for producing results that only " marginally " exceeded his expectations . Over the " medium to long-term , " Bogliolo said he expects Tiffany to deliver " meaningful comparable store sales growth " ( comparable-store sales were actually down 1 % in Q3 ) as well as " drive higher operating margins and earnings growth " than what we already saw in Q3 . Sounding a welcome note of competitive drive , during the earnings call Bogliolo observed that some of Tiffany 's competitors had outperformed it on sales growth in Q3 -- but going forward , this " will not be acceptable in the long term . " Bonus thing : Valuing Tiffany stock As for today , here 's how things currently stand : With only two months remaining in its fiscal year , Bogliolo says investors should expect to see Tiffany close out 2017 with sales growing " by a low-single-digit percentage " in comparison to last year . This jibes well with analysts ' 2.7 % sales growth estimate . On the other hand , earnings will show only " high-single-digit percentage " growth . But even taking that at its extreme , and applying a 9 % growth rate to the $ 3.55 that Tiffany earned last year , it still only gets Tiffany to perhaps $ 3.87 per share in profits this year -- which would fall short of analysts ' projected $ 4.00 in 2017 earnings . Granted , $ 3.87 per share in profits would lower Tiffany 's P/E ratio from its current level of 26.3 times earnings to 25 times earnings by year-end . On the other hand , when you look at real cash profits , Bogliolo is promising free cash flow of only $ 450 million this year . Weighed against Tiffany 's $ 12.1 billion market capitalization , that works out to a price-to-free-cash-flow ratio of 26.8 on Tiffany stock -- making the stock more expensive than it appears when valued only on GAAP profits . Combined with Tiffany 's warning about earnings missing estimates , this gives you a pretty good idea of why investors initially decided to sell off Tiffany stock on Wednesday . Were they right to buy Tiffany back again on Thursday ? Will investors continue buying in the weeks and months to come ? That will depend largely on whether Tiffany can exceed the low expectations that Bogliolo laid out for this year , and produce the sales and margin growth that he 's promised in years to come .	Tiffany & Co . Stock Upgraded : What You Need to Know
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — Let the bidding war for Japanese superstar Shohei Otani begin . Major League Baseball ’s owners voted Friday via conference call to ratify a new posting system that allows the pitcher/outfielder to become a free agent in North America . The Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters of Nippon Professional Baseball will post Otani with a release fee of $ 20 million . Teams will have until 11:59 p.m. Eastern on Dec. 22 to negotiate with the 23-year-old . “ Major League Baseball values greatly its longstanding relationship with Nippon Professional Baseball and is pleased that the parties have reached an agreement , ” Dan Halem , MLB ’s chief legal officer , said in a statement . “ We believe that this new agreement will allow baseball to continue to flourish in the United States and Japan . ” Japan ’s Shohei Otani throws in the top of fifth inning against South Korea at the Tokyo Dome on Nov. 19 , 2015 in Tokyo . ( Photo by Masterpress/Getty Images ) The Yankees , Rangers , Dodgers , Cubs and Mariners are expected to be among the serious contenders for Otani ’s services . The Mets also have expressed interest . Yankees general manager Brian Cashman said Friday he plans to “ leave no stone unturned ” in his bid to sign Otani . MORE : “ This is an impact-type player that would make us better , ” Cashman said . “ I had a chance to personally witness Otani pitch , obviously , how he interacted with teammates , the camaraderie they had within the team . I think he ’d be a perfect fit for us , someone that our new manager and coaching staff and players would enjoy having . ” Otani , known as the “ Babe Ruth of Japan , ” has been a dominant right-handed pitcher and highly productive left-handed hitter over the last five years for the Fighters of the Japan Pacific League . In 85 career appearances , spanning 543 innings , Otani has a 2.52 ERA . He has averaged 10 strikeouts and three walks per nine innings , and has surrendered just 24 home runs . Scouts have compared the 6-foot-4 , 203-pounder to a young Justin Verlander . As a hitter , the 23-year-old has batted .286 with 48 home runs and 166 RBIs in 403 games . He ’s also posted a very good .358 on-base percentage and .500 slugging percentage . Under baseball ’s labor contract that started last Nov. 30 , Otani is restricted to a minor league contract subject to signing bonus restrictions because he is under 25 . Texas has the most money remaining to sign international players under age 25 in its pool for the period running through June 15 at $ 3,535,000 , followed by the Yankees at $ 3.5 million , Minnesota ( $ 3,245,000 ) , Pittsburgh ( $ 2,266,750 ) , Seattle ( $ 1,557,500 ) and Miami ( $ 1.49 million ) . Also being posted this month will be right-handed pitcher Kazuhisa Makita of the Saitama Seibu Lions . The 33-year-old reliever was 3-3 with a 2.59 ERA last season .	Otani Becomes MLB Free Agent After Posting Deal Approved
Leave some space on the couch for David , because Johnny Galecki is returning to Roseanne . On Friday , Whitney Cummings , the executive producer of the Roseanne revival , announced his return in an Instagram story showing the actor 's named chair on the set of the show . In August , ABC confirmed that talks were " still in progress , " to have Galecki reprise his role on the show , and , though fans have long assumed that the actor would be a part of the new season , this is the first official confirmation that he definitely is . At this point . however , it 's unknown how big a role Galecki may play in the new season . And unfortunately , there 's a possibility that David might not be as prominent a character as fans may like.Galecki is joining returning cast members Roseanne Barr , Laurie Metcalf , John Goodman , and Sara Gilbert ( who played Darlene , the on-and-off girlfriend , and eventual wife , of Galecki 's David Healy ) for the nine-episode season due to premiere in 2018 . But , with The Big Bang Theory currently airing its 11th season and confirmed to be continuing forward to a 12th one , Galecki is likely tied up with his duties as Leonard Hofstadter . And , as if that was n't enough , the actor is also leading a second CBS comedy called By The Book.In short , he 's a busy man . Possibly too busy to give us multiple scenes showing him and Darlene shooting some affectionate banter back and forth between them . Who does n't want to see that happen across all nine episodes ? On the one hand , fans should n't be too worried about whether Galecki 's busy schedule could impact on his role in the Roseanne revival . Though David is a main part of the family dynamic of the show , he is n't as central a character as someone like Goodman 's Dan . If we get to enjoy an update on David and Darlene 's marriage , their respective lives as parents , and see at least one scene with Dan sharing a reluctant beer with David on the couch , then we can all rest happy . All of those things could realistically be achieved without too much commitment from Galecki . On the other hand , it 'll be disappointing if we only get to enjoy a brief handful of scenes involving David because of Galecki 's schedule . We only need to look back at last year , for instance , at the disappointment of Gilmore Girls fans because of the lack of scenes starring Jess Mariano in the show 's Netflix revival . The four-part series was filming around the same time as actor Milo Ventimiglia was reportedly starting work on the NBC drama This Is Us . If Galecki has a busy shooting schedule , then David could potentially be as briefly seen in the Roseanne revival as Jess was in A Year in the Life.According a fan site , The Big Bang Theory is reportedly filming the final episodes of Season 11 up until the end of January . If true , that means that if , as Cummings ' Instagram post suggests , Galecki is also filming his Roseanne scenes now , his schedule must be pretty stacked already . Fans would obviously prefer any scenes starring the actor as opposed to no scenes , but we may as well get used to the prospect of him not having a big role now before it has a chance to become a reality.This is , of course , all just speculation at this point . There 's still every chance in that we might get to enjoy the delights of David frowning away in one of his plaid shirts for the majority of the new season . But , whether or not that turns out to be the case , it 'll just be nice to hang out with the extended Connor family once again .	Johnny Galecki 's ' Roseanne ' Revival Role Might Not Be As Large As Fans Would Hope
Rep. John Conyers , D-Mich. , will soon decide whether or not to resign after three women have alleged that he sexually harassed them , his attorney said Friday . " We will discuss in the next day or so what Mr. Conyers plans to do . As you know his health is not the best , is not what it should be , he has undergone a second round of examinations . I will meet and confer with doctors and it will be congressman John Conyers who will be the one to decide what it is he 's going to do , " said Arnold Reed , Conyers ' attorney , according to Politico . Conyers has been hospitalized for a stress-related illness , his family announced Thursday . Conyers is the longest serving member of the House of Representatives . He has denied the allegations . While Conyers did step down from his position as ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee , his lawyer Arnold Reed said Thursday that Conyers would not resign , despite calls from Nancy Pelosi and others for him to step down . " Nancy Pelosi did not elect the congressman , and she sure as hell wo n't be the one to tell the congressman to leave , " said Reed on Thursday , according to CBS News . On Sunday , Conyers tweeted that he was grateful to colleagues who have called for " due process before weighing judgment . "	Conyers ' Attorney : He Will Decide on Future in ' Next Day or So '
The rising ocean could submerge Jamestown in Virginia — the first permanent English settlement in the US — along with thousands of other historical and archaeological sites dotting the Atlantic and Gulf coasts , according to a new study . The Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral , Florida , and North Carolina ’s Cape Hatteras Lighthouse — the US ’s tallest brick lighthouse — could also be destroyed by rising sea levels , according to research from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change . Those are just a few of the 13,000 iconic spots along the US coast that would be destroyed by a relatively small increase in sea levels of between three and 10 feet . “ We will lose much of the record of the last several thousand years of human occupation in coastal areas , where a great deal of history and settlement has occurred , ” David Anderson , the study ’s leader author , told LiveScience . Researchers analyzed data from the Digital Index of North American Archaeology to see how sea level rise would affect iconic spots along the US coast . Their findings are published in PLOS ONE . An additional 32,000 archaeological sites , including 2,400 on the National Register of Historic Places , will be lost if sea levels increase to over 16.4 feet . If current trends continue , sea levels are expected to increase 3.3 feet by 2100 . The Cape Hatteras Lighthouse was already moved back 2,900 feet in 1999 to protect it from the rising sea . “ What was surprising was the vast numbers of archaeological sites that are threatened when the data are examined collectively , ” Anderson said . “ When you develop tools showing how much will be lost at regional and continental scales , it shows the scale of the challenge and the need to start seriously planning for it . ” In 2014 , a study found that if sea levels continued to rise , Italy ’s Pompeii , the Tower of London and the Statue of Liberty could be destroyed .	Jamestown could be wiped off the map
Breaking Glass Pictures has acquired U.S. rights to Good Favour , a drama directed by Rebecca Daly , which premiered at the Toronoto Film Festival . The company is eyeing a theatrical release in the first quarter of 2018 . Written by Daly and Glenn Montgomery , the film follows a remote Christian community experiencing a crisis of faith that finds new hope in the arrival of a mysterious young man . It stars Vincent Romeo , Lars Brygmann , Clara Rugaard , Alexandre Willaume , Victoria Mayer , and Helena Coppejans . Producers are John Keville , Conor Barry , Benoit Roland , Monica Hellstrom , Signe Byrge Sorensen , and Marleen Slot . Gravitas Ventures has secured the U.S. right to Marleen Jonkman ’s TIFF title , Messi And Maud , about Maud who , while on vacation in Chile , abandons her husband to travel alone . She befriends Messi , a local boy who fills a void in her heart and the pair embark on a road trip to reinvent themselves . Rifka Lodeizen , Cristobal Farias , and Guido Pollemans star in the film , which was written by Daan Gielis and produced by Danielle Guirguis . Gravitas is also planning a 2018 release . The deals were negotiated by Ryan Kampe and Lydia Rodman of Visit Films with Rich Wolff on behalf of Breaking Glass and Josh Spector on behalf of Gravitas .	Breaking Glass Nabs ‘ Good Favour ’ ; Gravitas Picks Up ‘ Messi And Maud ’
Win four tickets for Firefly Event ’s Pop Up Cinema event on 19th December for Finding Nemo OR 19th December for Moana OR 20th December for Despicable Me 3 . Terms &amp; Conditions : 1 . How to enter … 1.1 . To enter the Competition on Facebook , entrants will need to like the Competition post and comment under the post with your choice of film either Nemo , Moana or Despicable Me 3.1.2 . To enter the Competition on Instagram , entrants will need to like the Competition post and and comment under the post with your choice of film either Nemo , Moana or Despicable Me 3.1.3 . Please note that by entering this contest , you agree to a complete release of Facebook and/or Instagram , from all liability in connection with this Competition .1.4 . The winner will be selected randomly from all entrants from either Facebook or Instagram , .2 . When to Enter and Who can Enter2 .1 . The Competition opens on 3rd Decemebr 2017 and closes by 23.59 on 8th December 2017.2.2 . Entrants can enter at any point between these dates .2.3 . Entrants can only enter the Competition once , but can like , share , comment , repost as many times as they like .2.4 . The Competition is only open to UK residents aged 18 or over , excluding anyone related or professionally connected with Breath of Fresh Air or the administration of the Competition .2.5 . Automated or bulk entries from third parties will be disqualified .2.6 . We reserve the right to exclude serial competition entrants who have entered more than 4 competitions in the last month .3 . Prizes3 .1 . The Prize for winning the Competition will be four tickets for 19th December for Finding Nemo OR 19th December for Moana OR 20th December for Despicable Me 3.3.2 . The Prize is as stated and it can not be sold or exchanged for cash , goods or services .3.3 . The Prize is non transferable and must be taken by the winner in person .4 . Data Protection and Publicity4 .1 . Any personal data relating to participants will be used solely in accordance with current UK data protection legislation . By entering the Competition , you agree that Breath of Fresh Air may contact you in relation to the Competition .4.2 . Competition winners will be contacted by Breath of Fresh Air . You must provide accurate contact details on notification . On being contacted , winners may be asked to provide evidence that they are aged 18 or over .4.3 . Breath of Fresh Air reserves the right to announce the winner ’s identity on its social media channels .5 . Competition Rules5 .1 . The Competition will be run and the prize will be awarded at Breath of Fresh Air ’s sole discretion .5.2 . We reserve the right to change the Competition rules and these Terms and Conditions from time to time . If we do so , we will always have the most up to date Terms and Conditions on this page .6 . Liability and Indemnities6 .1 . Except in the case of death or personal injury arising from its negligence , or in respect of fraud , and so far as is permitted by law , Breath of Fresh Air excludes responsibility and all liabilities , whether direct or indirect , arising from : 6.1.1 . any postponement or cancellation of the Competition ; 6.1.2 . any changes to , supply of or use of the Prize ; and6 .1.3 . any act or default of any supplier , which are beyond Breath of Fresh Air ’s reasonable control .6.2 . Breath of Fresh Air does not accept responsibility for any liability arising from technical incompatibility , problems relating to the internet , or technical difficulties of any kind .6.3 . Breath of Fresh Air shall not be liable , whether in tort , contract , misrepresentation or otherwise for loss of profits , loss of anticipated savings , loss of goods , loss of use , loss or corruption of data or information , or any special , indirect , consequential or pure economic loss , costs , damages , charges or expenses .6.4 . You agree to indemnify Breath of Fresh Air against all liabilities , claims and expenses that may arise from any breach of your agreement with Breath of Fresh Air .7 . Jurisdiction7 .1 . The Competition and these Terms and Conditions are governed by English Law . England &amp; Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim that arises out of or in connection with these Terms and Conditions .	Breath of Fresh Air Firefly Cinema Competition
GENEVA ( AFP ) - The Red Cross said Friday its forensic team had identified the remains of 88 Argentine soldiers buried in the Falkland Islands after being killed fighting against Britain over the territory . The International Committee of the Red Cross had gathered samples from 121 remains of unidentified soldiers buried in Darwin military cemetery on the remote South Atlantic islands , known in Spanish as Malvinas . " We are pleased that we can now match names to many of the unidentified soldiers , providing answers to many of the families who have been waiting for news for over three decades , " ICRC operations chief Dominik Stillhart said in a statement.His comments came after the results were presented to delegations from Argentina and Britain at ICRC 's headquarters in Geneva on Friday.Last December , the British and Argentinian governments agreed to exhume and identify what they initially thought were the remains of 123 Argentine soldiers , with the number later cut to 121 . The soldiers died in the 1982 war between Britain and Argentina -- a conflict which killed 649 Argentine soldiers , 255 British troops and three islanders.Families of Argentine troops killed in the conflict have long demanded that their loved ones be identified.Stillhart attributed ICRC 's ability to identify so many of the remains to " the thorough forensic identification process . " The organisation sent in a team of 14 specialists from Argentina , Australia , Chile , Mexico , Spain the Britain to work on the case between June 20 and August 7 . The specialists " exhumed , analysed , sampled and documented the remains of each of the unidentified soldiers buried in graves bearing the inscription ' Soldado argentino solo conocido por Dios ' ( Argentine soldier only known to God ) , " ICRC said . " The dignity of the dead was ensured throughout , " it said.Genetic analysis of the samples and cross-referencing with samples taken from the families was conducted at a forensic laboratory in Cordoba , Argentina , with labs in Britain and Spain confirming the reliability of the results , ICRC said.Argentine authorities will now inform the families of the identified soldiers " directly and confidentially , " it said.The war over the islands began after Argentine forces occupied them.Argentina argues it inherited the windswept islands from Spain when it gained independence in the 19th century.But Britain says it has historically ruled them and that the 3,000 islanders have the right to self-determination . In a 2013 referendum , residents voted overwhelmingly to remain part of Britain .	Red Cross identifies remains of 88 Argentine soldiers in Falklands
On Winning HeartsLast month , I got interested in learning singing . I was told about a person , who was a man of high passion and professional approach in this field . He was famous by the name of Ustad Israr . He tutored his pupil near the Kotwali at Lohari Gate , Lahore . I heard about him that he did not give admission to everyone , but I met him with pre-supposition that , the people with taste of music are highly willful to be respected than be provided any other thing . I believed that people with good taste are also men of good manners . I expressed full respect while meeting him . I also came to know that his father was highly skilled in Sarangi , a classical music instrument . He met with great honor , replying his honor ; I did not sit unless he told me sit . He seemed to feel honored of my behavior . While having interaction , I told him about my interest in music . He was already impressed of the honor , I had expressed . He allowed me to join his music class without any expectations of pecuniary gains . “ HARDWORK ALWAYS PAYS ” I had deep aspirations of becoming an officer , to achieve this end , it is necessary to appear in the written tests of the competitive exams of Punjab Public Service Commission , as it was the first step to become a Public Officer . I decided to give this exam and started preparation for the exams . I studied more than 12 hours in a day . I did not rely only on the available books in the market for the tests held under Punjab Public Service Commission . I prepared my notes and finally appeared for the exams.Normally , the aspirants of one paper MCQs based test takes a year to pass more than 5 competitive exams , but I passed 7 different competitive exams for different vacancies like Land Records Officer , Sub-Inspector of Punjab Police , and Deputy-Superintendent Jail etc . under Punjab Public Service Commission within four months only . “ Once Committed should never be omitted ” It was a sunny day of the last week of April 2017 . I left my hometown ( kasur ) to attend a physical fitness test held by the Counter Terrorism Department near Sheikhupura bypass . The test was to be held early on 6 AM , but due to poor administration , the test started at 1 PM . The candidates were being tested to cover one mile in seven minutes . I had left before the Dawn , without taking breakfast , as wanted to reach the test center on time . I was not feeling well that day . Despite this obstacles ( fever , physical weakness , hot climate ) , I decided to do the task for which I had left home that day . At 1 PM , the test started . The air was blowing in the opposite direction . I started running , keeping in mind the target and time . While running , I felt many times to give up , as I was suffering from fever , feeling hungry . I felt even that my throat was dried up . I did not give up , running on and on . I fell down on the ground , but then stood up with a new motivation and continued the race . I completed my target in time and I was one the few persons who completed the target in the prescribed time . After the target was achieved , I vomited thrice , which increased inches to my weakness and suffering . I suffered from illness for a week . After I recovered from illness , I realized from my test experienced that it was my dedication and commitment towards my goal , which assisted me to achieve the target .	Three stories of my strengths .
Kate is a writer who laughs at her own jokes and likes to pour too much hot sauce on her food . As people who reside in developed countries , there is a lot we take for granted . It can be hard to imagine that people live without the comfort of things like running water or electricity , for example . On the same note , most of us do n’t think twice about buying a pack of tampons or sanitary products during “ that time of the month . ” After all , what other option do we have that does n’t involve being housebound or bloodstained clothes ? According to Scoop Whoop News , a 2011 study in India found that 88 % of women do not have access to sanitary products . While there is some discrepancy as to whether the statistic is 100 % accurate , it highlights the fact that sanitary hygiene is a serious issue for Indian women . Someone who has decided to address this issue is Miss World 2017 , Manushi Chhillar , who is also from India . Her efforts have been successful in one state in particular , where sanitary products will be provided at schools . Manushi Chhillar was crowned as Miss World in 2017 . She knew that her new title would help to spread awareness to her initiative . She tells Swachh India , “ Now that I have a Miss World crown , I know I will take my Project Shakti to a very big scale . ” Part of what creates such a barrier between Indian women and sanitary products is that fact that they are subject to a 12 % Goods and Services Tax . This highlights how taboo the topics of periods are in India . For reference , certain cultural necessities specific for Indian women like bindis are not taxed . Manushi tells Swachh : I am a medical student , not a doctor yet , but I am not voiceless . And the fact is that millions of women in India lack the access to safe and affordable menstrual hygiene management . I have realised education alone is not enough to tackle this problem of menstrual hygiene in India . We need to give women a sustainable system that will allow them to practise menstrual hygiene . And , definitely , sanitary napkins should be available at a very low cost so that every woman in India is able to afford this basic necessity . It is a project with an aim . Shakti means “ Power . ” Through my project , I want to empower each and every woman . We have already covered more than 20 villages in India , what we do is simple . We go to the villages and educate not just women but men , about the menstrual hygiene and why a woman needs a sanitary napkin during her menstrual days . Apart from education , we distribute low-cost sanitary napkins to them and create employment opportunities by encouraging them to join the sanitary pads manufacturing unit in their area Project Shakti has been successful in a big way for one Indian state in particular — the north western region of Haryana . Thanks to work by Miss World and the Chief Minister of Haryana , Manohar Lal , Indian school girls will be provided with free sanitary napkins at schools . This is a big win for the girls who live in this region . Before sanitary products became accessible , it ’s estimated that Indian girls miss an average of 50 school days a year due to their periods , according to the Inter Press Service . The “ Menstrual Hygiene Gap ” is an issue in developing countries all over the world , but the initiative in India gives hope that women ’s access to these necessary products will improve elsewhere too . Hopefully this will not be the last state to implement this useful policy . It certainly makes us appreciate sanitary products ( for once ) and happy that more women will have access to what we rightfully consider a necessity .	Miss World Uses Title To Help Provide Free Sanitary Products To Indian School Girls
" She 's been wonderful , " Markle said of Duchess Kate . " Amazing , " continued Harry . " As has William as well , you know , fantastic support . " Maintaining a Long Distance RelationshipThough Markle films her USA Network series Suits in Toronto , Canada , she and Harry are spotted in early February holding hands while leaving West London 's Soho House . According to The Sun , on-lookers at the member 's only club say that the couple tried to remain low key by sitting in a cozy corner of the restaurant . A friend close to the couple also reportedly tells The Sun that a spring engagement is imminent : " I know that sounds a bit crazily soon , but he 's head over heels and they ca n't bear to be apart . " After a two-month break from social media , Markle shared an Instagram post on February 12 that says , " #NoBadEnergy . " In March , the couple traveled together to Montego Bay , Jamaica to attend the wedding of Harry 's childhood friend Tom " Skippy " Inskip . Markle is Harry 's plus one to the wedding as the prince serves as one of the ceremony 's 14 ushers . A source later revealed to People , that the two were incredibly " joyful " during the wedding festivities , and seemed very much in love.In April , Harry flew from England to spend Easter weekend with Markle in Toronto . Photos are released by E! Online and reveal the young prince wearing a baseball cap and toting a large duffle bag while entering Markle 's building.Meghan 's Life Begins to Change In April , Markle announced that she would shut down her lifestyle website , The Tig , which she had founded three years earlier . In a statement shared on both the Tig website and her Instagram , Markle said : What began as a passion project ( my little engine that could ) evolved into an amazing community of inspiration , support , fun and frivolity . You 've made my days brighter and filled this experience with so much joy . Keep finding those Tig moments of discovery , keep laughing and taking risks , and keep being the change you wish to see in the world . " Though it is rumored that Markle shut down her passion project as a sacrifice to her royal relationship , a source toldPeople that the real reason was her busy schedule , balancing charity work with shooting Suits.The Couple Steps OutMarkle and Harry made their first formal public appearance as a couple ( and shared a kiss ) at the annual Audi Polo Challenge in Ascot , England . As Harry participated in the games , Markle , wearing a chic navy dress and white blazer , cheered on her prince from the sidelines . The couple was later snapped engaging in some PDA off-site in the polo parking lot.Markle was back in London in May for Pippa Middleton 's wedding , arriving days ahead of the festivities . According to E! Online , the actress landed at London 's Heathrow Airport and was immediately escorted to Kensington Palace . While Markle did not attend the ceremony , she did reportedly go to the reception.A Big Birthday TripThe couple traveled to Africa in August 2017 — a year after their first trip to the continent — for a romantic getaway in celebration of Markle 's 36th birthday . Over the course of their three-week vacation , they visited Botswana and finished their travels at the stunning Victoria Falls.Meghan Opens UpMarkle spoke openly about her relationship for the first time in the October 2017 issue of Vanity Fair . " We 're a couple . We 're in love . I 'm sure there will be a time when we will have to come forward and present ourselves and have stories to tell , but I hope what people will understand is that this is our time , " she says in the cover story . " This is for us . It 's part of what makes it so special , that 's just ours . But we 're happy . Personally , I love a great love story . " That month , Markle also accompanied Prince Harry to an official royal appearance for the first time at the Invictus Games opening ceremony . Over the course of the games , cameras catch the pair holding hands at the the Wheelchair Tennis semi-final and spending time with Markle 's mother , Doria Ragland . The couple even share a sweet smooch at the closing ceremony.At this point , Harry has met Markle 's mother several times . " Her mum 's amazing , " Harry said during the BBC interview.Engaged!After months of speculation , Prince Harry and Meghan Markle finally announced their engagement on November 27 , 2017 . The couple is " thrilled and happy " to be engaged , and marked the news with a celebratory photoshoot and a formal interview . Read all about the news here.Getty Chris Jackson	A Definitive History of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 's Royal Relationship
Characters are fantastic , especially when they ’ve been very well created . I recently blogged ‘ Character Development 101 ' where I went over how to create and show your characters to the world . Check out the link below : Character Development 101Next in the Story Development Series ! We will explore what it is about characters that make them so darn loveable . How … medium.comHowever , I did n’t cover anything about how to give your characters depth and substance , because the last thing you want is to put your readers off by characters that are flat and boring . I want characters that feel realistic and put people on edge when they ’re in danger , make them cry when they ’ve lost a friend , or make them happy when they realise everything ’s going to be okay . I recently worked on the second book in the Statera Saga by Amy Marie and it got me thinking . What is it about Nora and Darcy that make them truly loveable characters to follow ? There ’s nothing different about them , nothing that stands out from the background of other fantasy characters , but they draw me in so much more than usual . Why?The answer to this lies in their realism . They are not perfect models of heroes , they both have their flaws and their drawbacks . Nora is slightly overreactive and does n’t trust very well , and Darcy is overprotective and and finds connecting with people difficult . These are all minor , logical flaws that can be found in real human beings . It ’s all well and good including major flaws , like Lord Voldemort ’s inability to love or Frodo ’s inability to trust his friends , but the more prominent characters have many flaws and many atributes that make up their personality . I also find that I associate with characters whose flaws are more subtle and more ingrained in their actions throughout the story . Flaws that move the plot along , or create an entire subplot , are the characters I find most interesting . I can pick them apart and analyse them like real people . But how do you create a character like that?Character - driven Stories vs Plot-driven StoriesIt ’s not as easy as you might think , and is usually done best over the course of a series so you can really spread out their character development . The best way of showing who your characters are is to have their personalities move the plot forward or draw it back slightly . For example , Katniss ’ love for her sister is the soul reason the entire Hunger Games series exists , and that instantly connected me to her and kept me hooked from the beginning . But it ’s not just their personalities that already exist that matter , it ’s the aspects of their personalities that grow throughout the story . Sticking to the same example , Katniss learns to trust which creates the romantic subplot between her and Peeta . She also learns the fight back and what it means to carry the hope of people on her shoulders . That emotional experience pushes her into extreme situations and keeps us constantly interested in her journey . The entire book series is based on the reader-character connection and engagement . It ’s a great example of deep-level character development done well . But what about characters that are not the reason for developing the plot?There are plot-driven stories out there and their character development is just as important . I find that these books do n’t always have the same depth of character exploration , but they do have developed personalities that can aid the plot . Lord of The Rings is a perfect example here , because it has a good amount of character development , but is still a plot-driven story . The key difference is that the character development is more about relationships and dialogue in the plot-driven storylines , whereas character-driven ones are more about the character ’s personal development and often include more thoughts , feelings , and emotions of the main character/s . There are probably exceptions to that , as there are for everything in the world of literature , but on the whole that ’s what I would conclude.ProgressionThis is the most key aspect to creating a depth to your character development : show them growing as a person over time . Stories tend to be about great people doing great things , because it ’s rather boring to read about normal people doing normal things . Showing their personalities change and alter in accordance to their experiences and realtionships is beautiful . You ’ll begin to feel connected to them on a much more personal level , as though they ’re a best friend that ’s always been there . Lyra from his Dark Materials is the best example I can think of here , as her development over the three books is staggering . She goes from a dirty , misbehaved child to a life-experienced lady ready to live a fulfilling life . She goes through a world-altering journey in the process , including love , friendship , death , learning your friends are your enemies , and learning how to trust those around her . It ’s an amazing book series that manages to incorporate in-depth character development , a story-driven book series , a romantic subplot , and realm jumping in just a single trilogy ! If you want a good example of quality character development , check out His Dark Materials by Philip Pullman , it ’s my favourite book series for a reason.Relationships and DialogueI ’m going to reiterate this point because I really want to drive it home : no-one is alone ! They might feel alone , and they might have had people abandon them in the past , but everyone has someone , somewhere , even if they do n’t realise it . Every relationship matters , even those that are trivial and do n’t last longer than a page . The best types of characters are the ones developed around other characters . Harry Potter is a good example ; we see his character in comparison to others , which means we know where he ’s weak and where he ’s strong . We know when he ’s going to need help and when he must do it alone . The strength of a character is defined by their friends , family , teachers , bosses , lovers , and their interaction with strangers . We will never know the extent of a person ’s personality if we do n’t understand how they interact . So for goodness sake show them interacting with the world ; place them into sticky situations and watch how they get themselves out . Challenge their weaknesses ! This will make the readers connect to the characters , because it ’s what we do in reality when connecting with people.That ’s it for today folks ! I know this one is shorter than the others , but that ’s because it ’s the most simple to understand . It comes down to creating realism within your characters and showing that to us . Stay tuned for the next in the series : Developing the Plot !	How To Give Your Characters Depth
Johnny Galecki is officially coming back to “ Roseanne , ” Variety has confirmed . Galecki , who currently stars on the CBS series “ The Big Bang Theory , ” is set to reprise his role as David – Darlene ’s boyfriend – on the upcoming new installment of the ABC series , appearing in one episode . Whitney Cummings , who is executive producing the series , shared an image of a director ’s chair with Galecki ’s name on it on Instagram on Friday . Galecki was among the only members of the original cast whose involvement in the new show was in question . The original cast that had already signed on are : Roseanne Barr ( Roseanne ) , John Goodman ( Dan ) , Sara Gilbert ( Darlene ) , Laurie Metcalf ( Jackie ) , Michael Fishman ( D.J. ) and Lecy Goranson ( Becky ) . Sarah Chalke , who played the character Becky in later seasons , will also appear in another role . In addition , Ames McNamara and Emma Kenney have been cast as David and Darlene ’s children . Galecki is repped by WME and Management 360 . Tom Werner and Bruce Helford will return as executive producers , with Cummings , Barr and Gilbert also executive producing . The original series ran for nine seasons on ABC and was widely praised for its portrayal of working class Americans . The series followed the Conner family as they tried to scrape out a living in the fictional town of Lanford , Illinois . The revival also got an extra episode order before it even premieres . Instead of the planned eight episodes , the series will now air for nine episodes this spring . ABC had officially ordered the project to series back in May .	‘ Roseanne ’ Revival to Bring Back Johnny Galecki as David
Michael Flynn ’s agreement to a plea deal with special counsel Robert Mueller is extremely scary news for President Trump , who has to worry about what the man who was his closest national security aide will tell the federal prosecutors ramping up their probe into the Trump team ’s possible collusion with Moscow during the 2016 campaign . But the Flynn plea bargain could also be a major problem for someone else extremely close to the president : Jared Kushner , his senior adviser and son-in-law . A court document in the Flynn case , released Friday , refers to a “ very senior ” transition official who told Flynn to try to get the Russian ambassador to the US to help stop a United Nations Security Council vote on Israeli settlement policy in late December . Reporters from Bloomberg , BuzzFeed News , and NBC News have all confirmed that this very senior official is Kushner . That makes perfect sense — by all accounts , Kushner was an extremely important figure during the transition , and reporting even at the time suggested that he was involved in Trump team deliberations on the settlements issue . The following month , Trump said that Kushner would be in charge of trying to “ broker a Middle East peace deal ” for him . Now , the court document contains other references to a “ senior official of the presidential transition team ” with whom Flynn says he discussed his contacts with the Russian diplomat , Sergey Kislyak , on another topic — President Obama ’s sanctions on Russia . But reports from Fox News and CNN suggest that official is not Kushner but instead KT McFarland , who went on to serve as Flynn ’s deputy on the National Security Council . Further , the reference to Kushner in this court document does n’t necessarily mean he did anything illegal or wrong here . Still , the new reporting is just the latest of many , many times Kushner ’s name has come up in connection with the Russia matter . There was the meeting he had with Ambassador Kislyak during the transition in which they reportedly discussed setting up a secret backchannel of communication . There was the Donald Trump Jr.-brokered meeting with a Russian lawyer who ’d promised “ dirt ” on Hillary Clinton during the campaign . And there are the reports that Kushner urged Trump to fire FBI Director James Comey . Furthermore , as part of Flynn ’s cooperation agreement with Mueller ’s team , he is likely providing information that could incriminate someone close to Trump . That someone could well be Kushner . Kushner has come up in many reports about Trump and Russia Kushner , the 36-year old real estate developer and husband to Trump ’s daughter Ivanka Trump , had a high-level role throughout the presidential campaign . Indeed , though Trump cycled through a series of campaign chiefs throughout 2016 , Kushner remained by his side all along — and many viewed him as the true head of Trump ’s campaign regardless of who formally held the job . After Trump won the election , Kushner took on a high-level role in the transition , and was then named a senior adviser in the White House . But he ’s since come under press and investigative scrutiny for initially leaving several contacts he ’d had with Russians during the campaign off his federal disclosure forms . To get top-secret security clearance , Kushner was supposed to list any foreign government officials whom he ’d met with in the past seven years . But he left more than 100 meetings off his forms — including several with Russians . ( His lawyer claims the forms were “ prematurely submitted . ” ) The most curious of these meetings occurred during the transition . On December 1 or 2 , Kushner and Flynn met with Kislyak , and , according to the Washington Post , Kislyak told his superiors afterward that Kushner wanted to set up a secret line of communication between them , and suggested using Russian diplomatic facilities for this . This has raised questions about whether Kushner was seeking to shield his contacts with the Russian government from US intelligence . Later in the month , Kushner sent a deputy to attend another meeting with Kislyak . And in mid-December , he met with Sergey Gorkov , head of Vnesheconombank ( a Russian bank currently under US sanctions ) . The White House claims Kushner took this meeting at Kislyak ’s request , for diplomatic reasons , while the bank says it was about business . But before all this , there was the June 9 , 2016 , meeting Trump Jr. set up with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya to get dirt on Hillary Clinton . Trump Jr. forwarded Kushner an email thread with the subject “ Russia - Clinton - private and confidential , ” and further down in the thread , publicist Rob Goldstone clearly states he is setting up this meeting as part of “ part of Russia and its government ’s support for Mr. Trump . ” Kushner attended the meeting , but according to recent statements by both Trump Jr. and Veselnitskaya , he left after a few minutes . Then a Reuters report claims there were two phone calls between Kushner and Kislyak during the campaign , though Kushner ’s lawyer said he had no recollection of these . That ’s not all . A report from McClatchy ’s Peter Stone and Greg Gordon also suggests that investigators are taking a close look at the Trump campaign ’s digital operation , which Kushner oversaw , with an eye toward whether there was any collaboration with Russian cyber operatives and bots targeting voters in key states or precincts . Finally , it ’s also worth noting that when President Trump was considering firing FBI Director Comey back in May , Kushner was reportedly one of the most prominent advisers arguing that he should go ahead and do it . That disastrous miscalculation led to the appointment of Mueller , the man who could eventually indict Kushner and other top Trump aides . The special counsel ’s team has been asking questions about Kushner — and recently interviewed him Earlier this week — before Flynn ’s guilty plea — the New York Times and CNN both reported that Kushner sat with investigators on Mueller ’s team for an interview at some point in November . Both reports suggest that Mueller ’s questions for Kushner focused mainly on Flynn . CNN ’s source said the conversation lasted less than 90 minutes , and that “ the nature of this conversation was principally to make sure Kushner does n't have information that exonerates Flynn . ” Perhaps things were as straightforward as that . But that interview also means that Mueller got Kushner on the record about his version of events that related to Flynn — before Flynn was known to have become a cooperating witness . And since it is a crime to make false statements to the FBI , if Kushner was less than fully forthcoming about matters Flynn is now prepared to dish on , he could be in some legal jeopardy . For instance : Flynn has now admitted that senior officials on the Trump transition team were aware of his outreach to Kislyak on the matter of sanctions during the transition . We do n’t yet know if those officials include Kushner , but if they did , and if Kushner failed to tell Mueller that , he could be in legal trouble . What we ’ve learned from court documents released Friday , and subsequent reporting , is that during the transition , Kushner instructed Flynn to try to get the Russian ambassador to block a United Nations Security Council vote condemning Israeli settlements . Some liberals have suggested that merely by attempting to influence foreign policy during the transition , Kushner ( and Trump ) could have run afoul of the Logan Act , an obscure 1799 law that prohibits people outside the US executive branch from making foreign policy . But this law is obscure for a reason — no one ’s ever been successfully prosecuted under it . And it seems a stretch to apply it to advisers to the president-elect who are preparing to take office . So for the matter of whether there ’s any greater underlying scandal that implicates Kushner , we do n’t yet know . But Flynn may soon have something to say about that .	Why Michael Flynn ’s plea deal could be really bad news for Jared Kushner
Not long ago , Conservative MP Marilyn Gladu claimed that once weed is legalized , “ little Johnny can can go put some in the toaster oven and smoke it up . ” The statement demonstrated very little understanding of how the kids “ do weed . ” But today Gladu one-upped herself . Just ahead of Question Period , she read aloud a poem that details how weed to going to ruin Canadian society . Here ’s how it goes : I want to protest an ill thought out bill , that is passing through parliament here on the hill , The bill that is bad is called C-45 , It has so many flaws it just should n't survive , The Grits will allow four pot plants in each dwelling , Regardless of how bad each place will be smelling , With mold , ventilation as issues unplanned , This bill will not keep pot from our children 's hand , There are more new infractions within this new rule , That our courts will be flooded as will every school , With drug impaired driving and challenges there , The doubling of traffic deaths and Liberals do n't care , The provinces and police in every town , Have all asked the Liberals to slow this bill down , With nearly 200 more days left til the day , Nobody but our party stands in the way , We hope that the senate will do its true deed , And keep our great country safe from all the weed . While I somewhat admire Gladu for voluntarily doing something so incredibly embarrassing , most of what she said can be chalked up to hyperbole . Then again , that seems to be very on brand for her party right now . Last week , fellow Conservative MP Peter Kent claimed weed is just as " deadly " as fentanyl . When I called him out on it , he admitted he said it with " exaggerated rhetorical intent " but insisted a kid would be " just as dead " from a weed-related accident as a fentanyl overdose . At this rate , I 'm almost excited to see what bullshit they come up with next . Follow Manisha Krishnan on Twitter .	Watch This Conservative Politician Read an Anti-Weed Poem in Parliament
Presidential son-in-law Jared Kushner is the “ very senior member ” of President Trump ’s transition team who instructed former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn by phone to seek Russia ’s help at the United Nations , according to reports Friday . A person who was in the room when Flynn got the Dec. 22 , 2016 , call told BuzzFeed that Flynn described being told by Kushner to contact “ every member of the Security Council and tell them to delay the vote ” on a resolution critical of Israel ’s settlement policy . Two sources familiar with the matter also told NBC News that Kushner is the unidentified transition-team official referenced in court papers tied to Flynn ’s guilty plea Friday morning . Flynn admitted lying to the FBI when he denied contacting Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak regarding the Security Council resolution , which later passed 14-0 , with the US abstaining . Flynn — who was interviewed by the feds on Jan. 24 , four days after Trump ’s inauguration — also admitted lying when he denied urging Kislyak to temper his country ’s reaction to sanctions imposed on Russia earlier in the day Dec. 28 . The sanctions ordered by then-President Barack Obama included the expulsion of 35 suspected Russian spies as punishment for the Kremlin ’s alleged meddling last year ’s presidential race between Trump and Hillary Clinton . Under federal law , Flynn faces up to five years in prison , but his plea deal — which includes a pledge to cooperate with Special Counsel Robert Mueller — calls for no more than six months behind bars .	Kusher reportedly instructed Flynn to contact Russia
I hate to be the one to break it to you , but 2018 pretty much holds in store for you … exactly what 2017 did ! I can safely say this because I have had particularly gruesome experience in that department in the past . In past years , my year-after-year experiences went pretty much as this quote describes … “ Past behavior is the most reliable predictor of future behavior ” — Gordon LivingstonIf you are still reading , there is yet some hope for you ! Now if you are totally happy with the way 2017 went down for you and everyone you know , it is safe to say that you are heading for a great year to come and you do n’t need to read any further.However , if you are like most of us and made some monumental mistakes , forgot to do that thing we promised ourselves we were going to do , let ourselves and possibly some other people down through some action or inaction on our part , then 2018 holds much the same in store for us … unless … … Unless … we do something we have never done before!You see , even the simple act of asking ourselves questions about how things could be different for us could make all the difference . Our brains are hard-wired to give us the most appropriate and accurate answer to our questions and then it goes one step further and even automates the conclusions it has reached the most.So in a way , you have chosen your life right down to the second you go to sleep , you just did n’t know it ! If you made the decision one too many times that it ’s okay to stay up late to finish that movie or stay on Facebook just that little bit longer , for example , then your brain automated your response in order to save you even more time and make you more efficient at doing that.Only thing is … do we ever evaluate that automation and optimization system we have created and compare it to what we actually could have or would have wanted it to do for us in terms of any kind of personal development?When you mess up you ask yourself questions , right ? If you are anything like me you even add a specially hurtful twist to them sometimes like : “ Why do you always mess things up ? ” , or “ What made you think you could change things ? ” etc.There is an easy solution … That all could be changed by a simple change in the types of questions we ask ourselves . Do n’t believe me ? Imagine the last time you messed up big-time … ( really imagine it and see yourself , all disappointed , feeling the way you felt that day including how you were breathing , your body language ) and now notice the kinds of things you usually ask yourself when you are feeling that way , now mix it up and imagine that exact same scenario but with a silly smile on your face and while shaking your head , asking yourself what you could possibly have done differently or what you could learn from this mistake … Did you clearly feel the stark contrast between the two different scenarios and their accompanying emotions?Then I pose to you the question , If a past experience can be changed by simply seeing it differently , how much bigger of an impact can an overhaul of your usual Modus Operandi do to your future experiences?To skyrocket your potential or give you a more palatable prediction of 2018 … along with customized replacement questions , like and follow The happiness coach or send an email to thehappinesscoach2@gmail.comBecause everybody deserves to have all the happiness they choose to have in their lives — The happiness coach	Could you and I accurately predict what 2018 holds in store for us !
Peru stocks higher at close of trade ; S&amp;P Lima General up 0.37 % Investing.com – Peru stocks were higher after the close on Friday , as gains in the S&amp;P Lima Juniors , Mining and Banking &amp; Financials sectors led shares higher . At the close in Lima , the S&amp;P Lima General added 0.37 % . The best performers of the session on the S&amp;P Lima General were Inversiones Centenario SAA ( LM : ICE ) , which rose 6.84 % or 0.240 points to trade at 3.750 at the close . Meanwhile , Trevali Mining ( LM : TV ) added 3.81 % or 0.040 points to end at 1.090 and Panoro ( LM : PML ) was up 3.39 % or 0.010 points to 0.305 in late trade . The worst performers of the session were Grana Y Monter ( LM : GRA ) , which fell 8.72 % or 0.170 points to trade at 1.780 at the close . Minsur ( LM : MINi ) declined 2.06 % or 0.040 points to end at 1.900 and ENGIE Energia Peru SA ( LM : ENGI ) was down 1.95 % or 0.140 points to 7.040 . Falling stocks outnumbered advancing ones on the Lima Stock Exchange by 19 to 13 and 11 ended unchanged.Shares in Inversiones Centenario SAA ( LM : ICE ) rose to 52-week highs ; up 6.84 % or 0.240 to 3.750 . Shares in ENGIE Energia Peru SA ( LM : ENGI ) fell to 52-week lows ; losing 1.95 % or 0.140 to 7.040 . Crude oil for January delivery was up 1.67 % or 0.96 to $ 58.36 a barrel . Elsewhere in commodities trading , Brent oil for delivery in February rose 1.71 % or 1.07 to hit $ 63.70 a barrel , while the December Gold Futures contract rose 0.50 % or 6.39 to trade at $ 1279.59 a troy ounce.USD / PEN was up 0.03 % to 3.2345 , while EUR/PEN rose 0.08 % to 3.8503 . The US Dollar Index Futures was down 0.16 % at 92.82 .	Peru stocks higher at close of trade ; S&P Lima General up 0.37 %
ST. LOUIS ( KMOX ) – Attorneys for St. Louis squared off against the National Football League ’s attorneys in court today . St. Louis alleges the league and team owners violated their own relocation guidelines when they voted to let the Rams move to Los Angeles in 2016 . The city , St. Louis County and Regional Convention &amp; Sports Complex Authority filed suit in April . The NFL contended that the suit has no legitimate basis . The lawsuit is seeking to recoup the funds spent by local authorities to try and keep the Rams in St. Louis and recover the lost potential revenue . It ’s estimated to be in the tens of millions of dollars . A judge heard preliminary arguments , Friday . The plaintiffs attorney Chris Baumann says the city was misled during the relocation search process . “ So we ’ve alleged that the plaintiffs spoke with the ( NFL ) owners , telling them what they were doing . And the owners spoke back to us , saying ‘ Keep going , you ’re doing a great job , ” Baumann says . But NFL attorney Andrew Kassof says the relocation guidelines are just that , guidelines , and not a matter of law . The NFL argues that when St. Louis signed a lease with the Rams in the 1990s , it agreed to settle matters like this in arbitration . A judge is expected to make a decision on how to proceed sometime this month .	NFL Met St. Louis In Court Today Over Rams Relocation Controversy
Looking for a method to enrich your diet with nutrients ? If achieving ultimate health is the only goal of your life then keep on reading this informative content . Have you ever ponder about the role of cookware in preparing a meal ? No , then this is the time when you have to think about it at least for once . Healthy cookware items help in producing healthy meal therefore ; Clay Cookware Products are getting immense popularity in the market.This is all because the vessel you choose for cooking directly affects the nutrient value and taste of a meal . There are certain cookware items in the market which release venomous gases when it is heated to a certain temperature . For environmentalist this is a serious issue to deliberate , therefore it motivates them as well as other people to incline toward using safe bakeware and cookware items . Gone are the days , when Earthenware Cookware , lost their existence in the contemporary kitchen . Now , this ancient form of cooking has traveled the time and return into existence to delivery nutrient-rich diet.Let ’s dig in deep about earthenware cookwareThe first question that will strike your mind will be on the toxic nature of the food prepared in this cookware . For your information , it is worthy to mention that these items are prepared from the mixture of clay , but it is quite different from that of transported clay which contains high amount of impurities such as iron oxide and other non-clay materials . However , the clay used in preparing these cookware items is free from impurities and laboratory testing is carried out to ensure this claim . Moreover , this purity test is carried out twice , once during pre-production and secondly on post-production . Thus it would be appropriate to say earthenware items are 100 % inert and safe for the use.Earthenware cookware is answer of your health concernsNowadays Earthenware cooking vessels have become more functional , this is clear from the intent that its porosity issue is overcome and have become easy for cleaning . There are certainly other benefits of cooking food in this cookware , some of them are mentioned below : - · Food cooked in this cookware contains low calories and fat . · Free to use it for multiple purposes like frying , grill , baking , and others . · Now intake nutrient-rich food · High heat retaining capacityIntroducing an entire cooking range made up of clay was never been an easy task . The story of Manufacturer of Earthen cookware products is also full of struggle , in the critical earthquake of the year 2001 , Mansukhbhai Prajapati , founder of Mitti Cool , suffered a great loss . But he did n’t lose hope and now we can see him in the list of successful entrepreneur of India . The thought of taking traditional craftsmanship to refined earthen cooking products has made the country proud of this patriotic child . Moreover , with Mitti Cool , he is here to give you an opportunity to taste soil of your own motherland . Place your order for Terracotta Pots Online and soon it get deliver to your doorstep .	Earthenware Cookware - Finest Healthy Cooking Solution
Only a Grinch would enjoy breaking the news about Santa to a hopeful little one . It 's a conversation no parent wants to have , but one genius twist can not only soften the blow , but also remind kids what the holiday season 's really about.The trick ? Tell children that they while they do n't receive presents from Santa , they 're now old enough to become Santa . One parent explains : In our family , we have a special way of transitioning the kids from receiving from Santa to becoming a Santa . This way , the Santa construct is not a lie that gets discovered , but an unfolding series of good deeds and Christmas spirit . When they are 6 or 7 , whenever you see that dawning suspicion that Santa may not be a material being , that means the child is ready.While kindergarten might seem too soon to end the magic , what happens next belongs in the parenting hall of fame . The writer takes the little one out for " coffee " and tells them , " You sure have grown an awful lot this year . Not only are you taller , but I can see that your heart has grown , too . " After pointing out two or three examples of the child 's recent good deeds , the " truth " is revealed : Your heart has grown so much that I think you are ready to become a Santa Claus.You probably have noticed that most of the Santas you see are people dressed up like him . Some of your friends might have even told you that there is no Santa . A lot of children think that , because they are n't ready to BE a Santa yet , but YOU ARE.The author then asks the child what Santa gets for all of his trouble ( besides cookies of course ) , leading them to the conclusion that it 's a good feeling to do something for someone else . The post stresses that the parent must " maintain the proper conspiratorial tone , " treating them like the big kid they really are . Finally , the parent reveals the real Santa 's duties : Have the child choose someone they know — a neighbor , usually . The child 's mission is to secretly , deviously , find out something that the person needs , and then provide it , wrap it , deliver it — and never reveal to the target where it came from . Being a Santa is n't about getting credit , you see . It 's unselfish giving.The story keeps going , remembering how one son gifted slippers to a cranky neighbor after he watched her get the newspaper in bare feet . While its exact origins are unclear , the little essay has circulated online forums for years , and it recently popped up again in a viral Facebook post.Charity Hutchinson , who shared the story , told the Huffington Post that she does n't know where it came from , but " I wish I could say I had thought of it myself ― it 's pretty brilliant ! " Since she has two sons , she wants to her children enjoy Santa at first but eventually learn that the holiday involves more than just presents . " Christmas is about helping others , giving selflessly and being thankful for what you do have and not what you do n't , " she said . " Reading this parent 's story made me feel like I could , even as a Christian , encourage my children to believe in him so that one day they could become a Santa and give to others . " While that day may come faster than most parents like , it 'll now mark the beginning of a new holiday tradition for years to come . [ h/t Scary Mommy ]	How to Tell Your Kids About Santa Without Breaking Their Hearts
While NASA is preparing participants for their journey to Mars , other companies have been competing and pitching ideas for habitable living spaces on the Red Planet . Many have been testing the conditions of Mars and considering the likelihood of materials that could be shipped in the rocket alongside the passengers . Among some of the better suggestions are shipping prefabricated homes or using 3D printers . The best suggestion so far is using a robot that can autonomously complete an entire house using 3D printers.While some may argue that humans should be a part of the home building experience , there are numerous reasons why they actually should n’t be involved . One of the largest obstacles with humans building homes in space is that there would still have to be a dwelling for them to stay while constructing their permanent residency . They ’d also need their own food supply during the construction process and would be facing the dangerous elements of space such as meteorites and exposure to radiation.So instead of creating hazardous conditions for humans , companies are suggesting the use of 3D printed robots to build the homes . The robots have already proved to be capable of such tasks on earth with the numerous amounts of 3D printed homes , and brick laying robots , so moving them to complete a similar task in space seems logical.In addition to being more efficient , using a robot to construct homes more importantly saves weight from the rocket . When launching into space it ’s essential to avoid unnecessary weight since the further you travel in space the less the rockets are able to carry . So instead of loading the rocket with the materials for building homes they could be sent in separate shipments so that the launch rocket with , it could focus on other important elements like food and water.While there are currently no robots creating houses in space , the plans are moving fast . Multiple agencies have proposed 3D printing technology for space , and have submitted innovative designs like the Ice Shell house that is shown above . One company however , the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) seems to be the most promising since the company has already created proposals to use robots to build habits suitable for four to six people on the Moon by 2030 , and Mars by 2040 . Originally published at caddetailsblog.com .	If You Want to Live on Mars , You ’ll Need a Robot
A thirty minutes ago I was swimming in the pool , first time after 8 years . It was great experience . I felt alive again . Somehow I still remember how to swim.I had a multiple ear surgeries , beforehand that really did n’t allow me to do so . Flashlight forward I just decided to go again , but not in the ocean , not in the sea , just in a small pool . Save environment that give the courage to try . Because I need to avoid water by all means I put those earplugs that I bought online recently . First time I ever used them . But somehow I trusted them . So I jumped in and start swimming . I felt like revived , just loosing your bodyweight in the water felt so releasing . But thinking about he earplugs made me push them a little bit too much inside . After five more laps I felt tired and exhausted . I was happy with the workout , but then something happen . I could n’t get one out of my ear.Why I am telling this story now ? Maybe you never had my experience , but things sometimes go wrong , nevermind who you are . Life simple does n’t care . This moments are stressing ourselves and making us more awake . Awake for our flaws . Everybody has them , even presidents , CEOs of big companies and business owners . But most of us run away from them . We hide our scars and shy away from them.Revealing your story how you struggled I believe is powerful tool . It brings more serenity to oneself . It is healing for the soul and can make you even a little proud that you have passed that test.In a sense life is about strengthening your skills and accepting your flaws.We no longer live in the era of renesans . When smart artists like Mikel Angelo and Leonardo Da Vinci made their remarkable contribution to the world . They knew so many things in so many different domains of work . While then was perceived as a glamorous achievement , today is a simply impossible . Our knowledge in every field of knowledge is far more deeper . That means that trying to learn everything in the same time will only slow you down . Yet there are polymaths who still exists , but not many as there are “ jack of all trades ” . Specialization nowadays requires a lot of work and devotion , focused on one thing . Easier said than done … Often times I tend to get serious for small stuff , often times I tend to get very goofy . And perhaps I miss the right moments for one and the other . It starts to get awkward and I feel how my body is stressing out and I turn into my head . It ’s just so restraining that trumps your performance . Well those moments will come , we all know that humans do make errors and it ’s okay . Some are not so easily forgiven , however time is at our favor . Better later than never.What was your last situation of those ? How did it end?PS : I am sure that everything is okay now , pat yourself on the shoulder . 🙂 Originally published at mymoodonmymind.com on December 1 , 2017 .	When things go wrong
Cleveland Cavaliers guard Iman Shumpert underwent meniscus surgery on Friday for a small tear in his left knee and is expected to miss two months , Yahoo 's Shams Charania reports . According to ESPN , the procedure was completed at Cleveland Clinic Sports Health . The Cavaliers announced Thursday night that Shumpert would undergo surgery . The 27-year-old has missed four out of the Cavs ' past five games because of left knee effusion . After playing just seven minutes in Cleveland 's win over Philadelphia on Monday , Shumpert was re-evaluated by team doctors , who determined surgery was necessary . Because of injuries to Derrick Rose and Isaiah Thomas , Shumpert has started six out of 13 games this season . However , the ninth-year guard has struggled , averaging just 4.8 points , 3.1 rebounds and 1.3 assists while shooting 38.6 percent from the field in 20.8 minutes per game for the 15-7 Cavaliers . After Cleveland 's 121-114 win over the Atlanta Hawks on Thursday , Cavs ' guard Dwyane Wade offered support for his teammate on Twitter . Prayers up for our brother @imanshumpert Good luck on that surgery my brother . Only the Strong survive ! — DWade ( @DwyaneWade ) December 1 , 2017 Shumpert , the No . 17 pick in the 2011 NBA draft , was traded by the Knicks to the Cavaliers in 2015 . In July of that year , he re-signed with Cleveland to a four-year , $ 40 million contract .	Report : Iman Shumpert Undergoes Meniscus Surgery , Expected to Miss Two Months
Katharine McPhee and David Foster still have n’t officially confirmed they ’re together , but the duo showed off some PDA Thursday afternoon in Beverly Hills . After having lunch together at Italian restaurant E Baldi , McPhee and Foster shared a kiss on the lips . The 33-year-old Smash actress wore a long sweater coat with a black shirt and jeans , which she accessorized with a black backpack and sunglasses . Foster , 68 , also wore sunglasses along with a blazer and jeans . The pair reunited later that evening at an event at the Stephen Webster U.S. flagship boutique in Beverly Hills hosted by jewelry designer Stephen Webster and Los Angeles film producer Hilary Shor . Seated side by side at the intimate event , the couple dined on food by chef Alain Giraud while guests also enjoyed tequila and vodka cocktails . Dating rumors have followed the pair for months , but McPhee recently told PEOPLE that she had “ zero desire ” to address them . “ It ’s great that they want to do that . I think it ’s so amusing that people are amused by my love life , ” she added . “ Here ’s how I look at it : I ’m not doing anything wrong , so whether people think it ’s true or false , I do n’t , you know , there ’s nothing bad happening in my life , so people can just say whatever they want , ” she demurred . McPhee and Foster , 68 , have been friends for years , first meeting on the set of American Idol when McPhee was a contestant in 2006 . McPhee also addressed the relationship rumors in the December issue of Health , when she commented that people can “ say whatever they want ” about their friendship . “ We ’re very close friends , and we ’ve been friends for a long time , ” she added . “ I ’m really , really fond of him , and I think he ’s an incredible person . I ’ve known him since I was 21 years old , you know ? He produced my first single . So he ’s been really good to me . People can say whatever they want . ” Rumors about David and McPhee ’s relationship started in September after the Grammy-winning producer ’s daughter Erin shared photos of the pair at the Grammy Museum ’s third annual gala at The Novo in Los Angeles , writing in the caption , “ Excited about my new step mom . ” ( A source close to the situation told PEOPLE at the time that the social media posts were a joke . ) In October , the two were also photographed walking arm-in-arm in Brentwood , California , but a source told PEOPLE at the time that the pair were merely having “ some fun ” at the expense of photographers . And in November , the duo stepped out together in West Hollywood on Monday for a night on the town just a day after they were spotted together at a Los Angeles Lakers game . Although their romantic status remains uncertain , in October Erin had nothing but kind words to say about McPhee . “ She ’s amazing . I really like her . She ’s awesome , ” Erin , 35 , exclusively told PEOPLE . “ My dad is kind of a hopeless romantic , and Katharine ’s awesome . We really , really like her , and we ’ve known her for a really long time . And if he ’s happy , we ’re happy . ” And despite the fact that he ’s been through four divorces — most recently finalizing his separation from Yolanda Hadid earlier this month — the legendary producer is open to walking down the aisle again . “ It ’s quite obvious by my track record that I love being married , so I would n’t say no to being married again , ” Foster told PEOPLE exclusively . “ I like the concept , I ’m just not that good at it . ”	Heating Up ! Katharine McPhee and David Foster Spotted Smooching in Beverly Hills
NASSAU , Bahamas — Well , apparently it ’s on . Never mind the baby steps and the tempering of expectations for Tiger Woods in his anticipated return to tournament golf for the first time in nine months after having a fourth back surgery in April . Through two rounds of the Hero World Challenge at Albany Golf Club , Woods is in contention to win after shooting a 4-under-par 68 in Friday ’s second round following his opening-round 69 . It has Woods at 7-under par , five shots out of the lead held by Charley Hoffman , who shot 63 on Friday . Jordan Spieth , who shot 67 Friday , and Tommy Fleetwood ( 69 ) are both 9-under par . Justin Rose ( 68 ) is 8-under . Those four players are the only competitors ahead of Woods entering the weekend . The second consecutive round in the 60s marked the first time he ’s done that since the Wyndham Championship in August of 2015 , where he finished 10th . Woods held the lead by himself several times during the day Friday before Hoffman caught fire late with birdies on his final four holes . Woods , who ’s tied at 7-under with defending champion Hideki Matsuyama ( 66 ) , Matt Kuchar ( 70 ) , Rickie Fowler ( 70 ) and Francesco Molinari ( 68 ) , continued to look terrific off the tee , hitting 9-of-13 fairways . He hit 12-of-18 greens in regulation and took 26 putts . Woods had four birdies , one eagle and two bogeys in the round . Asked to describe his round in one word , Woods said , “ Successful . ’’ That word applies to Woods ’ entire week so far , because his health has looked strong and his game has looked sharper that most people — including his caddie Joe LaCava — expected . “ I think it was successful because I went out there and shot 31 on the front nine , ’’ Woods said . “ I built upon what I did ( Thursday ) . ’’ Woods was most impressive on the front nine , on which he shot 5-under par and put an exclamation point on it with an eagle on the par-5 ninth hole . It was the first eagle Woods has posted in competition since that Wyndham Championship in 2015 . Most indicative of the feeling that Woods is back is the fact that , as positive as his day was , he groused afterward about what might have been . “ I felt like I could have easily gotten to double digits under par , ’’ Woods said . “ That would have put me probably one or two back , but I think I ’m still in it . We ’ve got two more days and I think it ’s supposed to blow a little harder ( Saturday ) . If that ’s the case , I think a good solid round should get me up in there . ’’ Woods did concede , when asked , that he would have signed for 7-under and five shots out of the lead entering the weekend at the start of the week . “ I do n’t know a percentage ( of how elevated his confidence is ) but it certainly has gotten better , ’’ Woods said . “ I feel more comfortable . I felt more comfortable on the first few holes . I knew what the adrenaline was going to feel like ( from Thursday ’s first round ) , which is nice . It was definitely coursing through my system and it was a great feeling . I kind of missed it . It was a strange feeling . ’’ Woods ’ fellow competitors took notice as he ascended up the leaderboard and was alone at the top several times . “ I thought he was playing nicely , ’’ said Henrik Stenson , who was paired Friday with Woods . “ He got it going on the front nine for sure . Maybe not the finish he would have liked . I think he was probably feeling like he would have liked to get into double digits the way he played there . But a lot of positives and he hit some fantastic shots . ’’ Patrick Reed , who played a practice round with Woods on Monday and is one shot behind him at 6-under , said , “ It ’s awesome to see him playing some solid golf . I was able to play with him here last year and he seemed to have it pretty solid through the first eight last year . But the difference between last year and this year is he just looks so much better , so much healthier and freer in the golf swing . “ So to see him go out and playing well does n’t surprise me . When that guy ’s healthy , everyone knows what that guy can do . Have to play pretty well on the weekend and see if I can go chase him down . ’’ Hoffman , who has a three-shot lead , went as far as to say he wants Woods to win this week . “ I said at the beginning of the week I hope he wins , ’’ Hoffman said . “ It ’s great for the game of golf . Hopefully , I can stop him from winning this week , but anytime he ’s in contention or even playing the golf tournament brings a buzz to golf that we all need . We need him out here . We want him out here . First and foremost , I just want him to be healthy for the rest of his life . “ We ’re all cheering for Tiger to play great golf , ’’ Hoffman went on . “ Obviously I want to beat him just like everybody else does but in the back of our heart we ’re all cheering him on . ’’	This is the Tiger Woods golf was hoping for
Entertainment as a Differentiator , Warby Parker ’s Storytelling , Etch A Sketch , &amp; Why Things Catch OnMarketing Trends 12/1/17 “ You are competing with every piece of content ever made for every person ’s attention . You need to be entertaining . Do n’t outsmart . Out entertain . ” — Dolf van den Brink , President &amp; CEO — Heineken USAMarketing NewsSnap is separating news and people by splitting its app in half . One side for social , the other side for news in hopes that users do n’t get confused on what ’s real and what ’s not.Kevin Roe is the new SVP Branded Content at FullscreenBuzzfeed is n’t hitting their revenue targets , so they are going through more layoffs.The 50 most influential people who impacted the global business landscape , as compiled by Bloomberg.Lessons LearnedCool marketing idea that creates nostalgia and engagement : an Etch A Sketch in your web browser . [ 143-Page PDF ] : Atomico put out their 3rd annual State of European Tech report . Tons of data . Everyone talks about the US and the Valley , but lest you forget about EMEA ( and Asia-Pac ) , you ’re missing out on great talent and innovative new tools.StorytellingHave you included a History section in your own website , telling the story about how your company came to be and why it exists in the first place ? If not , take a page from Warby Parker ’s History page : Original Content , Series and ShowsElizabeth Banks is helping launch YouTube ’s new ‘ Women in Comedy ’ programming with her media company WhoHaHa . Over 100 creators were selected for the program and are filming at one of YouTube ’s 9 spaces.Elizabeth Banks had a few things to say on content creation , which I find especially relevant for marketers looking to entertain their customers : “ There ’s an old adage in comedy that we all poop , pee , are born , die , and there are just things that tie us together as human beings across cultures . Most of the things I find sticky ideas on the internet are comedic . Right now we ’re in a moment that people have a lot to say and want their truth out and if I can help put those ideas into the big marketplace , then let ’s do it . ” — Elizabeth BanksSpotlightsForbes interviews CMOs at the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity over the summer . Here is a 4 minute watch : [ VIDEO ] Forbes CMO Interview In Cannes : Samsung 's Marc MathieuThe chief marketer sits down with me at the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity to talk about the … www.forbes.comBookThis is for those of us who have ever been instructed to accomplish the seemingly-impossible task : “ Make it go viral . ” Contagious is a guide by the New York Times Best Selling author , Jonah Berger - who knows a thing or two about virality . He ’s a marketing professor at Wharton , and has spent the last decade studying what makes certain things more contagious than others . Check out the book if you want to add a few new tools to the tool belt.Marketing Q&amp;AQ : How do I use Quora to my advantage as a Marketer?A : SEO is critical , whether you ’re a growth hacker , content marketer , or inside sales rep. You need to find an unpaid way to get in front of people searching for things your brand offers . A great place to do this as as a thought leader on Quora . The site ranks highly for knowledgeable content and can be used to great effect if done properly . Here ’s an excerpt from a good Quora guide by Nate Shivar : Content gaps are important because : You ’re missing out on potential organic trafficThe additional content helps Google understand what your site is aboutIt helps to add relevance to other pages helpsThe trouble is that a Content Gap is hard to identify because if you knew that it existed then you would have probably already filled it.Since Quora covers so many topics , if you ’re in the right industry , it can be a perfect way to find your content gap.You ’ll need to use either a premium tool like Ahrefs ’ Content Gap tool or manually work this out ( via spreadsheet &amp; Keyword Planner ) by entering a competitor and Quora . Then see what keywords both of those websites rank for but you do not rank for.OpportunitiesEtsy is hiring a VP Head of Marketing.Lucasfilms ( yes , that one ) is hiring a Director Marketing . Dream job , much?Marketing Trends is written and curated by Ian Faison , Chief Content Officer of The Mission . The Mission creates original content , shows , and series for brands and distributes them to our audience of millions . To learn more , connect with us here . Or you can connect with me @ianfaison or email ian [ at ] themission [ dot ] co .	Entertainment as a Differentiator , Warby Parker ’s Storytelling , Etch A Sketch , & Why Things Catch On
Misty May-Treanor is a mom again — to twins ! The three-time Olympic gold medalist volleyball pro welcomed her second and third children , daughters Mele Alizarin and Mia Kanoelani , on Thursday , Nov. 9 , her rep confirms to PEOPLE exclusively . May-Treanor , 40 , is already mom to daughter Malia Barbara , 3 , with husband Matt Treanor . Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter . May-Treanor first announced the news via Twitter on Nov. 16 . “ The @lbccvikings women ’s team got to meet the latest [ addition ] of Treanors earlier this week , ” she revealed , sharing a photo of her babies meeting the Long Beach City College women ’s volleyball team she now coaches . “ Lots of babysitters ! ” The @lbccvikings women ’s team got to meet the latest edition of Treanor ’s earlier this week ..... lots of babysitters ! pic.twitter.com/GF7DvTjXTa— Misty May-Treanor ( @MistyMayTreanor ) November 16 , 2017 For more coverage , follow our babies magazine on Flipboard . May-Treanor has been fairly quiet about her second pregnancy , but has given her Twitter followers a small peek into her life as a soon-to-be second-time mom . “ Could this be the last day of monitoring ???? #ComeOnBabies , ” she wrote alongside a Nov. 6 snap , showing a device strapped to her bare belly as she lay in a hospital bed . Could this be the last day of Monitoring ??? ? #ComeOnBabies pic.twitter.com/cH1BQFlhM2— Misty May-Treanor ( @MistyMayTreanor ) November 6 , 2017 “ Monitoring for the day done … 34 weeks , ” she captioned an Oct. 5 photo featuring her baby-bump-laden shadow . “ Ca n’t bend to wear shoes but it is ok . #PregoProbs ” How do I relax while 35 weeks pregnant ? With my @HTFeelBetter iJoy Massage Anywhere . It has been a lifesaver . #ahhhhh #ChairMassage pic.twitter.com/i4YJ9fNYE5— Misty May-Treanor ( @MistyMayTreanor ) October 12 , 2017 Monitoring for the day done .... 34 weeks . Ca n't bend to wear shoes but it is ok . #PregoProbs pic.twitter.com/zBqctj90Gq— Misty May-Treanor ( @MistyMayTreanor ) October 5 , 2017 May-Treanor and her husband , a 41-year-old former professional MLB catcher , tied the knot in January 2004 , welcoming their daughter in June 2014 . Malia ’s middle name was chosen in honor of May-Treanor ’s late mother , nationally-ranked tennis player Barbara May , who died of cancer in 2002 . The athlete announced she would be retiring shortly before she and teammate Kerri Walsh-Jennings took home their third straight gold medal in beach volleyball at the 2012 London Olympics . “ We both want to start a family , ” May-Treanor said of herself and Walsh-Jennings in 2008 after winning gold at the Beijing games . “ We need to slow down and breathe a little bit , focus on our families . ”	Meet Misty May-Treanor 's Twins ! Olympian Introduces Daughters Mele and Mia Alongside Big Sister Malia
Jared Kushner , President Donald Trump ’s son-in-law , is the “ very senior ” member of the presidential transition identified by former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn as having instructed him to reach out to Russia and several other countries last December , according to two people familiar with the matter.As part of a deal with Special Counsel Robert Mueller to plead guilty to a charge of lying to FBI agents , Flynn provided details surrounding a controversial meeting he held with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak . According to a court filing , Flynn said that a “ very senior member ” of the presidential transition team asked Flynn on Dec. 22 to contact officials to help delay or defeat a United Nations Security Council vote condemning Israeli settlement policies.Another person familiar with the push against the UN resolution said it was a collaborative effort that involved advisers Stephen Bannon and Reince Priebus as well as Kushner . Flynn also said he reported back on Dec. 29 to a “ senior official ” in the transition team at Trump ’s Mar-a-Lago , Florida , resort on his conversations with Kislyak about new sanctions that then-President Barack Obama imposed on Russia because of its meddling in the presidential campaign.That official , according to two people familiar with the matter , is K.T. McFarland . The people asked not to be identified discussing internal matters.The transition official and Flynn “ discussed that the members of the Presidential Transition Team at Mar-a-Lago did not want Russia to escalate the situation . ” Shortly after , Russian President Vladimir Putin announced he would n’t take retaliatory measures against the Obama sanctions.McFarland ’s RoleMcFarland was brought to the transition team and later to the White House by Flynn , who was fired for lying to Vice President Mike Pence about his conversations with Kislyak . McFarland served as deputy national security adviser until being asked to step down in April by Flynn ’s replacement , H.R. McMaster . In May , Trump nominated McFarland to serve as ambassador to Singapore . Her nomination is still awaiting confirmation by the Senate.Flynn now says he lied to the FBI about the substance of his conversations with Kislyak , but that he had fully informed the transition team of the talks . On Dec. 22 , Trump tweeted his opposition to the proposed U.N. resolution on Israel , saying the U.S. should veto it . But since he was n’t president yet , there are questions about whether members of his transition team violated the law by negotiating with foreign countries as private citizens . Obama let the resolution win approval by withholding the U.S. ’s customary veto.The disclosures raise the stakes for Trump , with his son-in-law and top adviser now being potentially drawn directly into Mueller ’s probe.White House attorney Ty Cobb downplayed the significance of Flynn ’s decision to cooperate with Mueller , though the former Trump adviser said that he had kept senior administration officials apprised of his contacts with Russia ’s ambassador to the U.S. during the presidential transition last year . “ Nothing about the guilty plea or the charge implicates anyone other than Mr. Flynn , ” Cobb said in a written statement . “ The conclusion of this phase of the Special Counsel ’s work demonstrates again that the Special Counsel is moving with all deliberate speed and clears the way for a prompt and reasonable conclusion . ” — With assistance by Jennifer Jacobs	Kushner Is Said to Have Asked Flynn to Contact Russian Envoy
A writer ’s natural love of words can lead to wonderful reading and interesting writing . But sometimes , a logophile ’s good intentions to introduce the world to unique vocabulary can backfire . Is it time to put away your dictionary and revert to a middle-school word list?Here ’s why you might want to avoid uncommon words or phrases — and why you might still want to use them . Read this before you find yourself hoisted by your own petard!Problem Scenarios For Using Unusual Words In Creative WritingColloquial words . Every dialect has its own unique words . For example : “ stoop ” ( a small front porch ) and “ hutch ” ( a large cabinet ) are words that are commonly used in the northeast , but not so much in other parts of the country . Without strong context cues , readers may be tripped up by unfamiliar words.Writing a character with an accent . Some readers simply despise long passages of dialogue that try to recreate the sound of words spoken with an accent . Reading phonetically spelled dialogue slows the reading process down — and unless your characters speak very slowly , it augments the friction between reading and experiencing . Most modern writers opt instead to occasionally hint at heavily accented words to give the impression of an accent.Obscure words . Words with precise and esoteric meanings can sometimes distract from a reader ’s experience rather than enhance it . Saying “ empyrean ” instead of “ celestial ” might sound heavenly to some ears , but your readers do n’t want to be running to the dictionary every other sentence.Very long words . Unless your reading audience is a room full of literary scholars ( and , okay , it may well be ! ) , average readers may get hung up on long and hard-to-pronounce words . “ Floccinaucinihilipilification ” wo n’t just knock your readers flat — it will back up and run over them again . Say “ estimated that it ’s worthless ” instead.Words that have been taken from other languages . Words that have been absorbed into English from other languages can sometimes feel obscure , pretentious , or inauthentic if not used carefully . To say something is “ de rigueur ” might feel natural to you , but is it part of the common parlance of your reader?Words that you invent . When the right word does n’t exist , it ’s within an author ’s rights to make one up . You might even say it ’s necessary that writers invent words . What would we do if Shakespeare had n’t invented words like advertising , hint , tranquil , and more ? The key is to invent with care and to lean heavily on context cues.General wordiness . Even if you ’re not sprinkling your writing with the sorts of words mentioned in this article , there ’s always the danger of falling into the trap of using unnecessary wordiness for dramatic emphasis ( sometimes called overwriting ) . Yes , You Can And Should Use Unusual Words In Your WritingMaking unusual word choices in writing might make your readers scratch their heads or look twice — but if we all played it safe , how dull reading would be ! Characters who adore words lifted from foreign languages are great fun . Long words are gloriously entertaining . Colloquial words are vital to verisimilitude . By all means — use unusual words — we implore you ! Just do so with care and attention to craft.For more writing tips and advice visit WritersRelief.com .	Should You Use Uncommon Or Unusual Words In Your Writing ?
I ’m writing a book , Surviving Evolution : The Field Manual . I ’m excited about it , so I ’m sharing that with you . It ’s a book about our real human origin story that we ’ve kept secret from ourselves , robbing us of our superpowers.I got excited when I saw that Genesis complements my ideas in the book , if you grant me permission to assume it ’s expressed in a kind of code that seems obvious to me.Genesis : “ And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters . ” ruach elohim , the original Hebrew translated “ Spirit of God ” , means “ wind , or breath ” . The most elegant translation is prana , the life-force . Or if you geek out on this stuff , shakti — the universal feminine principle of energy , of diverse expression.Evolution , in today ’s secular parlance . Evolution seems to be the word we use for “ mysterious organizing force ” . We have badly misunderstood how evolution applies to humanity . That ’s what the book is for , to understand it better . Prana is not a bad way to think about evolution.The “ waters ” means the True Water of Consciousness . Self-abiding Consciousness Itself . Timeless , eternal , without beginning or end . “ Then ” [ we ’ve got that timeless time issue here , hence the quotes ] Consciousness self-vibrates . And God said , “ let there be light ” : the self-reflective , self-creative nature of consciousness generated experience — time , space and light as one thing , identical to consciousness , not separate from it . “ Said ” is the vibration , the creative vibrational proto-pattern , the original “ om ” . Consciousness self-vibrated into expression to Itself.As an eternal expression , this om is vibrating identically at this moment . There is no past moment of Creation , this is the same moment of creation . Can God run out of breath ? Exciting stuff!In your aesthetic , can the creation of time happen only at the beginning ? It seems inelegant to propose a one-time launch , some different , exceptional past Creative Moment , reserved only for that Special Time , and then after … what ? Clockwork?Too complicated , bah . In Genesis , even God kept going with the Words , yo . I ’m going with ongoing “ om ” . This moment is as creative as any.That ’s pretty much it for the mystical reflection on Genesis , but I have more to say.Genesis can also withstand an additional interpretation of the awakening of humankind to recursive evolution . Self-reflective self-creation . Funnily enough , that seems to have happened about 6,000 years ago , the same period creationists give to the creation of the world.So , if a world did get created then , what world was it?If we let the Word be language , then Creation could be that the mind finally broke itself off into a wholly symbolic , yet consequential , internal model of reality , consensually validated.The moment where memory reorganized itself from an always-now pattern-match conditioned response repertoire ( animal basis ) , to a narrative organized in an interior world ( human basis ) . The birth of the ego.Now , voila ! the energy of creationists has a place to go : the world really was created about 6,000 years ago , by the awakening of the Word , the godlike creative-adaptive powers of men and women . The interior world moved from being primarily sensory-referenced to being primarily group referenced.We all went crazy , in a way that helps us win the evolutionary game , for a while.This was IT , folks , the moment where the self-idea , capacity for self-examination , impulse control , parts conflict ( do you have an internal “ mean ” critical voice ? ) discipline , rules , ideals , self-reference , sacrifice and whole host of error-prone , exploitable mechanisms clicked into place , a slow , weird , clunky system overall adaptive to more survival and more reproduction , but very dangerous to any given individual.Especially today , with scientifically researched maladaptive exploitative manipulative memes running amok ! Pant . Wild eyes . Deep breath . That was a rant.Perception got a lot more efficient , also . No more wasted time presenting irrelevant and contradictory observations to attention — all that can be handled in the subconscious “ deny/suppress ” department , using the old reliable heuristic “ if I ’ve never seen it , it ’s not real ” . There is ONE reality , we agree on it , riiiiight ? so it must be true and real . Defend your certainties , people ! They NEED you!Kill disbelievers — they actually do present quite a threat to this delicate insubstantial internal/group world , dependent as it is on a set of beliefs eroded by the natural human tendency to rapid re-adaptation , threatened by our dangerously fluid identity ; subject to dissolution by the application of reason ! Such a delicate foundation must be strongly enforced , if power depends on it . Note : do n’t kill anyone . Jeez.Not until science rediscovered consequential observation did perception begin to free itself , and even then , not so well.What works about our consensual “ crazy ” is two things : first , constant reinforcement from the group . This is the part where our menagerie of un-verifiable , un-testable beliefs generates belonging , because my fellow cult-members have the same weird beliefs I do , so my peeps got my back , yo , and I ’m gon na live . So … really , do n’t contradict , because that threatens my belonging , therefore my safety , therefore you are a threat if you contradict me . So just do n’t . Tribalism in all its many forms has its foundation in this , right ? Pretty dark stuff.Second , we maintain the referential integrity of our interior fake reality with some degree of testing against apparent exterior reality as reported by our senses and sense-extensions , aka computers and labs . In fact , once we recovered from this brutal shock of our attention being conditioned to a false reality ( let ’s give it to the creationists again ) , 6,000 years ago , we soon ( 5,500 years or so later ) super-powered our adaptive creative genius with technology , aka the scientific method.There is a huge cost to our “ snap-to-grid ” emotional-cognitive biases and to our weird tribal belonging beliefs . Yet , despite the overall costs of our mixed-up , expensive internal “ reality ” , this clunky alternate-reality symbolic system confers evolutionary advantage to humankind overall , even though you might feel personally screwed . Sorry.Until recently . Today , we are in the midst of an evolutionary crisis , where our recursive adaptive powers , applied to mere survival and reproduction , have achieved violent victory over all other forms of evolution . We have over-adapted . We won!Our pace of change , caused by us adapting to ourselves , now exceeds the individual ability to adapt . Our own technology may well run us over whether through ecosystem change , surveillance state , war , or some genie that gets out of the bottle.See , the scientific method is so powerful , we made a new god out of it : scientific materialism . It ’s all the rage.Subtle forces not measurable by hadron colliders be damned ! Verifiable but non-repeatable phenomena , out the window ! Happiness sourced in external material expressions , hello ! Consciousness subordinated to the brain , bring it , and dub it the Consciousness Problem!Science is our drive for certainty , expressed formally , conferring techno-material benefits . But babies crowd out the bathwater — meaning the human price of scientific materialism is as high as any ideological price we have paid . Scientific materialism , as a dominant philosophy , excommunicates directly experienced truth , internal moral compass , and common mystical experience . Makes us sub-human . Come on , people , all science is , is just a method for investigating phenomena . Phenomena that will always remain mysterious , because they happen in consciousness . Sure , science has a certain utility , but let it take its place in appropriate aesthetical proportion to a life well lived.Why pick on scientific materialism ? Only because it ’s the current dominant unverifiable belonging paradigm . So , if you look at it closer , you might dissolve something of your beliefs and be happier , more expressed , more powerful ? That ’s my hope.The punchline is this : by reclaiming our humanity from tribal ideologies , and practicing secure belonging to humanity and the earth as a whole , in our own way , and by learning to design our very identities to accelerate positive change , we can survive evolution.That ’s the point of Surviving Evolution : The Field Manual.OK , back to Genesis . I was just excited to see how an updated theory of evolution , a rigorous but human retooling of our origins , mapped back to Genesis — at least for me.More about the upcoming evolutionary update in the upcoming book , Surviving Evolution . This blog here is all I have to say about Genesis . There is n’t any more about it in the book . Sorry to leave you hanging like that.You might not like my loose interpretation of ancient sacred texts . That ’s OK , so long as you only grumble and do n’t pick up the pitchfork.You might not like my whittle of Science to a method , and not a philosophy.That ’s OK with me — your reality is up to you.But please , make it a good one , since I have to live in it .	Because who does n’t love reinterpreting Genesis ?
My partner and I have a holiday tradition where , each year , we both pick out a personal ornament , and then , we pick out a cute couples ' ornaments together . Does that seem a little over the top ? Fair , but hey , Christmas is my absolute favorite holiday , and I do n't do anything understated when it comes to this time of year . Yep , in everything from decorating to the presents I hand-make to the mountain of cookies I bake , I go all the way out because I just ca n't get enough of that Christmas spirit . So , as you can imagine ( not-so-humble-brag ) , my Christmas tree looks freaking awesome . It 's covered in ornaments that each hold a special memory of past holidays that I cherish . Clearly , I take my ornaments seriously , which is why there is one thing about couples ' ornaments that I do n’t dig : Most of them are cheesy AF and make me want to barf . As corny as I am about Christmas in general , I actually have a very low ceiling for cutesy holiday stuff . As you can imagine , that can make tracking down that perfect ornament to add to my collection each year like finding a needle in a " Precious Moments " and " His and Hers Glittery Snowman " haystack . Sigh . The good news is that there are some great ones out there if you know where to look . Here are 10 of my favorite couples ' ornaments this year that are totally adorable , without making you want to gag . 1 . For The Perfect PairThis ornament is perfect for any couple who think of themselves as great on their own , but magic when they are together . 2 . For The Other Pea In Your Pod Feel like you 're so in love , you 've become one organism , but with too creepy faces ? Look no further than this peas-in-a-pod ornament . It 's just so weird , I kind of love it . 3 . For The Weirdos In Love Forget dreaming of a white Christmas . I 'm dreaming of cocktails on the beach with my starfish bae . 4 . For The Perfect Significant Otter In Your life Shut up , this is too cute ! And perfect for any couple of significant otters who just want to spend life floating together hand in hand . 5 . For Your Epic Romance I mean , who does n't want to be Han and Leia ? Also , if this is your first couples ' ornament , the low-key but powerful romance in this is a great way to ease in . 6 . For The Couple With The Purr-fect Union OK , so full disclosure : My partner and I are what you might call , um , cat people . And by that , I mean we have cats , we talk to our cats , our vacations often involve going to see various cats around the globe , and we have a portrait of ourselves as cats on the mantle . Sound familiar ? If you 're a cat couple , you pretty much need these ornaments . And if you 're not ? Hurry up and get on our level . Cats rule . Ahem . Moving on ... 7 . For The Long-Distance Lovers Just because your romance spans time zones , does n't mean you ca n't get in on the couples ' ornaments fun . Send you partner the one with your location and keep theirs . That way , even if they are n't with you on Christmas morning , they still kind of will be . 8 . For The Couple Who Knows What 's UpWas there a greater love story than Carl and Ellie 's in UP . No . The answer to that question is no . Hence , their adventure book is both a great couples ' ornament and #CouplesGoals in general . 9 . For Remembering Where It All Began Is this your first Christmas together ? Did you just tie the knot or celebrate an anniversary ? Immortalize a special moment where you feel like it all really began for you with the location coordinates . It may just look like letters and numbers to others , but it will be that much more special to you . 10 . For The Grinch Who Stole Your Heart When you first met , were you just a couple of Grinches who ( ville ) suddenly felt your hearts grow three times the size that day ? Well , then , I guess you need these , right ? So , the question is , which set of ornaments is going to end up on your tree this year ? Check out the entire Gen Why series and other videos on Facebook and the Bustle app across Apple TV , Roku , and Amazon Fire TV.Check out the “ Best of Elite Daily ” stream in the Bustle App for more stories just like this !	10 Cute Couples ' Ornaments For You & Your Partner That Are Actually So Freaking Adorable
If things do n’t work , the word quickly will get around and that ‘ thing ’ no matter it may be fails to exist any longer . You may have ache in the muscles that would profit from massage therapy . Cancer is such a scary phrase , not just because of the ache and suffering the illness causes , but in addition as a result of the therapy is painful , costly , debilitating , and infrequently makes the patient feel sicker than the signs of the illness itself . Folks suffering from all types of conditions and critical ailments like asthma , bronchitis and acne , including troublesome acne scars may be handled with acupuncture . I do have patients who will keep a meals diary - I typically prefer to see a 7-day diary to help me gauge as to what their meals consist of on a regular basis . These are just some of the benefits of acupuncture that suffers of ache , such as you , can reap.Fairly a number of kinesiologists can give information on dietary dietary supplements , flower remedies , physical exercise programmes and life-model changes also . The role of train and play in a young child ’s life gives them with many advantages . One in every of the principle benefits of acupuncture is to improve the standard of your sleep and promote an excellent appetite . Some folks turn to acupuncture for help with a specific symptom or condition . We serve the people of Portland , Oregon and surrounding communities . Sadly some individuals ( 7 % ) develop chronic low back pain that can not be resolved with drugs or bodily therapy . An acupuncturist can use methods to assist relieve ache . Though it may well actually do rather more than just this , acupuncture is mostly related to ache relief — especially in the again . Workout routine likewise as other workout routines can likewise showcase producing hormones . Actually one can criticize science journalists for over-hyping stuff , but I do n’t think any individual researcher is chargeable for what journalists make of 1 research.You ’ve received to ensure your blood sugar is degree in order that there just is n't that much stress on the adrenal glands . Within the 9 therapies that adopted he regained about 70 % of his listening to and stated to maintain coming so long as there is enchancment . Do these types of therapies hold a lot promise for rosacea sufferers ? He included hydrotherapy techniques , homeopathy ( a distinct system of drugs using minute portions of substances to trigger healing reactions in the physique stemming from Germany ) , as well as eliminating overeating , tea , coffee , and alcohol . Naturopathy is a distinct system of well being care that works with nature to restore people ’s well being and prevent sickness . This holistic imaginative and prescient is what is naturopathic medicine [ such a good point ] distinguishes naturopathic medication from the standard medical system . Acupuncture is a traditional Chinese language Medicine that successfully treats chronic fatigue . Based in 1978 for the purpose of uniting practitioners of holistic medication , membership of the AHMA is open to licensed medical doctors ( MDs ) and medical doctors of osteopathic medicine ( DOs ) from every specialty , and to medical college students studying for these levels . In line with traditional Chinese language medication , stimulating specific acupuncture points corrects imbalances within the flow of qi by way of channels generally known as meridians.How and the place does it movement ? Acupuncture accesses natural channels of energy within the physique . Its natural state is considered one of well being , and an illness or illness is an imbalance within the physique 's systems . These efficient methods provide thorough and invigorating relief in your whole again and physique . The end result was that 10 patients skilled complete relief from symptoms and stopped taking their medicine , while the opposite 15 skilled a noticeable reduction of signs and decreased their intake of antidepressants or sedatives . Some mild profit within the control of chronic asthma has been reported by particular person patients however further research is needed . Results and data on 33 examine quality were recorded on a proforma developed according to Cochrane Collaboration 34 guidelines for assessment of research high quality ( Higgins , 2011 ) . Disagreements were resolved by 35 a 3rd , unbiased ssessor and a consensus assembly . Data had been extracted and validated independently by both authors.One kind of natural allergy remedy is SLIT.As well as , we do not look on the physique in pieces , all signs are associated , and you will be treated as a complete . There are suspicions but no clear indication from my research that the Li household discovered instantly from Grasp Wang . Naturopathic medical doctors mix natural treatments and the most recent scientific research to diagnose and deal with all medical conditions . One kind of natural allergy therapy is SLIT . There are numerous acupuncture clinics London where you possibly can strive any form of remedy . The herbs made use of in this therapy are very bitter in taste , in order that all of the impurities in blood get neutralized or washed away . For these who are serious about acupuncture but are n’t certain that the dangers outweigh the rewards , acupressure provides a viable different . The effectiveness of acupuncture relies upon upon the proper use of strategies which can be difficult for physicians to master . This actually is a reality - selected factors within the physique are to be averted for the duration inside the pregnancy as they might stimulate uterine contractions . It ’s vital to know that some provinces and states are n't regulated , so anyone , with none coaching could name themselves a naturopath . The new cups are sealed off and held in place for five to 15 minutes on the patient ’s again while they cool down , which produces a vacuum effect.At dinner time it may be blended with stews , salads and on hamburgers.However there are different methods to look at things . Is there anything that can exchange synthroid ? At dinner time it can be blended with stews , salads and on hamburgers . Techniques differ , as completely different angles and needle-varieties can alter the results of the tactic . In addition , this technique typically detects health problems before they grow to be serious by you recognizing a sore or tender reflex . Thus , it is very important to take care of your well being with the intention to live a contented life . Over the course of their research , college students take on rising duties in the instructing well being clinic of the naturopathic school , under the supervision of licensed naturopathic doctors . We ’re really proud that our robust status has allowed us to welcome college students from all around the UK and Europe , often by means of advice and referral from fellow acupuncturists . Students find out about primary human biology and anatomy , and be taught to diagnose diseases .	A Meta-Analysis Of Randomized Sham-Managed Clinical Trials
DEARBORN ( WWJ ) — Greenfield Village in Dearborn has transformed for the Christmas season . Santa , live reindeer , ice skating , carolers and live music — it ’s all part of the annual Holiday Nights at Greenfield Village in Dearborn , which begins tonight . Special Events Manager Jim Johnson says this event offers the opportunity for families to escape reality and enjoy the Christmas spirit . “ You can come on in and see things at your own pace , ” Johnson said . “ Really the only scheduled thing is the end of the evening , starting at 9:45 p.m. when we begin the sing along and fireworks at town hall in front of Santa . It ’s a great event and it gives people the chance to sort of step out of the modern world and experience a different kind of hustle and bustle in the 19th and early 20th centuries . ” This year ’s program also is a little bit different from years past , featuring a new interaction at the Menlo Park involving Thomas Edison and what happened in December of 1880 . “ That is when he did the big pitch to the elder men , the leaders of New York City to get the franchise to wire the city and he was successful in doing that , ” Johnson said . “ So we have transformed the laboratory to sort of look like that Dec. 20 night when he entertained these folks in New York City . ” Johnson added that they also restored the organ upstairs , which will be playing on most nights . The event runs from 6:30 p.m. to 10 p.m. throughout the month on select nights , including Dec. 1-3 , 8-10 , 15-17 , 19-23 , 26-27 and 29-30 . However , tickets are already sold out for Saturdays before Christmas so Johnson advises people to buy their tickets soon . General admission tickets are going for $ 26 for adults . It ’s $ 23.50 for seniors ( 62 + years old ) , $ 19.50 for kids ( 3-11 years old ) and free for kids under 2 years old . Parking is also $ 6 . Tickets can be purchased at www.thehenryford.org .	Holiday Nights At Greenfield Village Returns Tonight !
ANT and Dec were the most frustrated they 've ever been in tonight 's I 'm A Celeb while watching Jamie Lomas and Rebekah Vardy tackle the Grot holing Bushtucker Trial . The hosts were watching as the pair did their best to collect stars and an immunity key in two separate tunnels - one lit and one in darkness . ITVThey were unable to guide Jamie in the dark tunnel to the key as they watched it dangle agonisingly above his head while he felt around for it . Veins bulged and teeth were gritted as Jamie failed to grab the key before the end of the trial . Afterwards , Ant and Dec were finally able to tell him just how close he 'd come . Becky and Jamie both left the tunnels and Becky laughed when she saw how dirty Jamie was from the trial . ITVITVAnt and Dec confirmed they got eight stars for camp which they were very pleased with . “ As you know after yesterday ’s Trial , Toff and Amir did n’t return . Today only one of you will return , ” said Dec , as Becky and Jamie looked at each other . “ It was hanging on a rope from the ceiling and you went past it , knocking it with your arm and your back ” said Dec . “ You ’re joking , I could n’t see anything , ” said Jamie . “ You did n’t get it but you are now a member of the Fright Club , ” added Dec . “ So you now go to Snake Rock ” said Ant , and Jamie made his way to join the rest of the Fright Club . ITVGot a story ? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220 IMPORTANT N	Can you guess what made Ant and Dec look like this on I ’m A Celeb ?
While most phone carriers offer unlimited data options these days , there are still times where you might want to curb your data use . When you ’re traveling out of the country , you ’re typically limited in the amount of data you can use before having to shell out huge roaming fees , and even those “ unlimited ” plans have data limits where you ’ll end up having your data speed throttled if you exceed them . And what if you do n’t have an unlimited plan in the first place ? To help combat all that , Google has launched a new Android app called Datally . It ’s designed to help you understand what apps are causing you to blow through your data allowance . The app makes suggestions based on your own use , on ways you can cut down and suggests nearby Wi-Fi networks you can connect to conserve a little bit of data . For the most part , it ’s offering a lot of the same data-conservation options that are already available for Android but are hidden in various settings menus . The app has a kill button that allows you to stop all background data usage and limited data use to just a single app that ’s on your screen , and also allows you to limit data use by specific apps or have an on-screen message appear letting you know exactly how much data you ’re using while posting that Facebook message . The best part ? The app is available for free for all Android users using Android 5.0 and up .	Google 's New Android App Will Help Curb Your Data Use
… join this unique course in Svalbard!As part of the Earth Observation ( EO ) Science for Society , the European Space Agency ( ESA ) is organizing the Cryosphere Remote Sensing Training Course 2018 . This course , devoted to training the next generation of cryosphere scientists , will take place from 11 to 16 June 2018 , just 1000 km away from the North Pole , in Longyearbyen , Svalbard.Located halfway between Norway and the North Pole , and home to polar bears , Svalbard ’s rugged yet fragile landscape offers a unique setting for a cryosphere-related course and close contact to the heart of a relevant part of the infrastructure for Earth observation missions in low polar orbits due its favorable location for satellite communication ( 78 ° N ) . During the 6-day course , 60 participants from all over Europe ( and Canada ) will gather at the northernmost institution for research and education in the world — the University Centre in Svalbard , UNIS — and take theory and practical classes lectured by Principal Investigators and Scientists from leading universities and research institutions.A broad range of topics will be covered , providing an advanced understanding of theoretical principles , algorithms processing and data products as well as hands-on practice with tools and methods for cryosphere-focused satellite data.Students will also have the opportunity to network and present their own work through a northern-lightning talk in a very special ice-breaking event . A boat trip to Tunabreen will also offer a unique opportunity to get a closer look at the polar landscape and to learn from researchers who conduct in-situ research and data collection . @EO_OPEN_SCIENCE Twiiter account will be promoting the #ESACTC18 course ! @EO_OPEN_SCIENCE Twiiter account will be promoting the #ESACTC18 course!Applications are open until 15 December and postgraduate-level , PhD students , post-doctoral research scientists and users are invited . Follow the latest news on the event on Twitter with #ESACTC18 . So what are you waiting for ? Apply and join us in this amazing opportunity . Hurry up !	ESA Cryosphere Remote Sensing Training Course
LIVE Calgary More Streams Meet the 9-year-old whose inspiring lemonade stand just earned him national recognition 0:48 Tate Barton charges just $ 1 per cup . But because of what his mom meant to the community and where this money goes , he 's found more than a few $ 20 , $ 10 and $ 5 bills in his jar over the years . The nine-year-old boy has raised $ 33,000 in four years of one-day sales at Tate 's Lemonade Stand . It 's a little operation that set up shop for the first time at the 2014 Little Britches Parade in High River , about 65 kilometres south of Calgary . Ever since he was three , Tate had dreamed of opening his own lemonade stand so he could generate a little pocket money . Then in 2013 , Tate 's mom , Jill Barton , a beloved hairdresser in the community , succumbed to her four-year battle with breast cancer . " In her last month of her life , one of the things she charged us with was to do something — make a difference , " said widower Jamie Barton , Tate 's dad . " We had no idea what it was gon na look like . " Today , that difference looks like a newly renovated , 2,400 sq.-ft . cancer clinic in High River that is six times larger than it was originally . That difference looks also like hot lunches that are delivered to the patients there . And it looks like Tate and Jamie 's first trip to Ottawa , where Tate received a Senate 150th Anniversary Medal for his inspiring contribution . Tate has poured every dollar he 's made back into the High River Community Cancer Centre , a place he frequented all too often during his mom 's treatment . After the 2013 floods destroyed the 400-sq . - ft. facility , the community rallied together to raise $ 1.6 million to renovate and expand it . Expanded cancer centre in High River opens " When you realize that his original goal was $ 100 , and then it turned into $ 3,800 [ the first year ] , you realize that there 's something a little more to this than just a cup of lemonade , " said Jamie . And though Tate 's Lemonade Stand has completely outstripped its original goal , Jamie and Tate will still be squeezing lemons come May 2018 . In the days before the May long weekend parade , you 'll find them huddled together in the kitchen , brewing gallons of their secret family recipe . They 've set their eyes on funding a new speaker series and wellness program for cancer patients in High River . And Jamie 's pretty sure Jill , wherever she is today , could n't be more proud of her son and all he 's done . " She would be ecstatic . " With files from Ottawa Morning	This 9-year-old Alberta boy raised $ 33K by selling lemonade in honour of his mom
Plug and Play Mobility &amp; IoT Focus WeekPlug and Play Mobility completed the third and final Focus Week of Batch 3 ( save Winter Summit ) and we have to say it was a pretty exciting week.Focus week is held for one week per month , where there is a concentration of activity to maximize dealflow and new corporate-to-startup introductions through networking opportunities , mentors sessions , office hours , pitches , meetups , and meetings.Throughout the week of November 6 – 10th , we held : 8 deal flows10 office hours3 mentor sessions3 eventsWhich resulted in95 introductions!It ’s seeing numbers like these that reminds us of why we do what we do . Being able to facilitate 93 conversations about potential partnerships , POCs , or strategic investment marks a very successful Focus Week for us . We hope our batch companies enjoyed it as much as we did.We kicked off the week with a dealflow with Fraser McCombs Capital who met with two of our companies and provided some feedback.Tuesday was the beginning of many office hour sessions with our corporate partners . Office hours are a period of time our corporate partners set aside to meet with batch companies in 30 minute intervals who would like to get some feedback and see if there are ways to work together . We held two office hour sessions in the morning with Kyocera and Suzuki . We then held a dealflow with Norwest Venture Partners , a long-time co-investment partner , where they met four startups . The afternoon progressed with a mentor session focused on product-market fit and go-to-market strategy . We finished the day with the first session of our Corporate Best Practices Series , where we held Reverse Pitches . Instead of startups pitching their business to the larger companies , we asked our corporate partners to present on their experiences.The Reverse Pitch session had great speakers from our partners including Faurecia , Bosch , Bissell , and Koito . This gave our partners the opportunity to present their innovation mission to the group . Topics covered included : Best practices for working with startups , how a pilot typically progresses , how they communicate back to their respective company headquarters , among others . An interesting topic of conversation that sparked some questions was how to navigate all the activity in the Plug and Play ecosystem . With 13 verticals , 200 corporate partners , and hundred of startups in the building at any one time , there is never a dull moment . Most notably this session sparked a further conversation around collaborations . Whether the discussion was between a corporate partner and the startups , between multiple corporate partners , or between startups.Wednesday marked midweek with a flurry of activity . We had seven office hours , five deal flows , three mentor sessions , and a meetup . It was a busy day . We co-hosted the meetup with our partner Koito . Three companies from our ecosystem presented at the meetup : Shenetics : SHEnetics ( SHE.ai ) is a technology and solutions provider for advanced voice-driven conversational AI interfaces for automotive , avionics , hospitality , consumer technology , and healthcare.Holo-Light : Holo-light has garnered a great deal of industry attention due to the multitude of practical mixed-reality applications . Whether used for quality control , demonstration , maintenance , or training purposes , Holo-Light offers innovative , fast , and simple solutions . Our products have already been adopted by some of the “ top 500 ” industrial , technological , and communication companies around the world.Shoof : Shoof Technologies is the creator of an advanced wireless technology designed specifically for the Industrial IoT and logistics market . Shoof Technology is the only wireless connectivity technology for real-time , end-to-end indoor and outdoor tracking , and monitoring of industrial assets.On thursday , we held three office hours with and two deal flows in Mobility and Internet of Things.Thursday evening , we had an end of week wrap-up event at Dave &amp; Busters — something fun to close out the week . Food , games , and a great atmosphere . There was about a 50/50 mix of corporate partners and batch companies in the group.Thank you to everyone who participated and was part of the activity last week . Our batch is ending on December 7th , 2017 with our Winter Summit . Hope to see you there!Questions ? Concerns ? Compliments ? Contact Laura Marcolin , laura@pnptc.com.This was a big hit — Keep your ears to the grounds for the next Corporate Best Practices Series !	Plug and Play Mobility & IoT Focus Week
First off , before I say what I wan na say , I want to let you all know you are entitled to your own opinion . This is just my way of thinking with this topic . And this topic will circulate mainly around guitarist Malcolm Young , and a little with Kurt Cobain . On November 18 , 2017 , rock icon Malcolm Young passed due to his battle with dementia . he was 64 years old . He was the rhythm guitarist , backup singer , and co-creator of the band AC/DC . Many people have been mourning the loss of this great musician due to how powerful and inspiring he was for many . Including me.But there is one thing I 've come to realize when it comes to his death and the death of many other musicians and other famous people . Companies tend to take advantage of death as a cash-grab , meaning that as soon as a person dies , such as Malcolm Young , they instantly make shirts and other merch in tribute to him . Now I 'm not saying its bad to get merch to honor a famous person you love , to be honest I want to find a Malcolm Young shirt someday . But what I 'm saying here is , as soon as he died , less than a day later , online there were shirts everywhere made that had to do with his death ! Could they have at least waited till Malcolm was buried ? To me , it just seems kinda screwed up . Sometimes companies go way too far . Such as how HotTopic sells shirts with the picture of Kurt Cobain 's suicide note ( Cobain was the singer and guitarist of Nirvana ) . Goes to show that these companies just care more about the money , and when they hear news about a famous person dying they are like " hey ! ( insert name here ) just died ! we can get more money !! get to work making those shirts ! " Again im not saying its bad to make tribute merchandise , but If I made my own merch to sell , i 'd give it for free if I could ! And if not , if I had to get money , i 'd at least wait a few weeks after the death . Malcolm Young had family , people who loved him , ones who are in mourning . Companies should have a little more respect . Would Kurt Cobain 's family enjoy seeing the suicide note shirt ? 0 | 0	Companies Taking Advantage of Celebs ' Deaths ( Including Malcolm Young )
Quentin Tarantino fans will have to wait another two years for his next project to hit the big screen . EW has confirmed Sony Pictures will release his upcoming 1960s-set period piece to theaters on Aug. 9 , 2019 — exactly 50 years after the Manson family claimed the life of actress Sharon Tate on a two-night killing spree in 1969 . Earlier this year , it was reported that Tarantino ’s ninth feature would chronicle the infamous slayings , which also left four others dead , though the Reservoir Dogs filmmaker later told IndieWire the focus of the film is “ not Charles Manson , ” who died on Nov. 19 , but rather the year 1969 itself . Sony acquired the film in mid-November , after Tarantino broke from his scandal-ridden former collaborator Harvey Weinstein , who ’d backed his various features — including Django Unchained and the Kill Bill series — for nearly 25 years . He subsequently fronted a round of pitch meetings with multiple studios interested in the Manson project . While cast announcements have yet to be made , trade publications have indicated Margot Robbie , Tom Cruise , Brad Pitt , Samuel L. Jackson , and Leonardo DiCaprio are on the list of possible contenders for roles . Variety was first to report the news .	Quentin Tarantino 's next movie will debut on 50th anniversary of Manson murders
ANTONIO CONTE faces further trouble and strife over his FA misconduct rap . PA : Press AssociationConte had accepted the charge and apologised after a heated rant at fourth official Lee Mason , which ended with him sent off by ref Neil Swarbrick . But it is nothing compared to the aggro he is getting at home . Conte said : “ My wife is angry . It is her birthday in two days and I said for this reason I will not buy a gift . ” When asked about the slight swelling and redness on his left eyelid , he joked : “ My eye ? Ah yes , a punch from my wife . EPAMATTHEW CHILDS “ She was at the game so it was very difficult . She was there with my daughter . I tried to tell her nothing happened but it was difficult to mask the situation and was the same with her mother . ” Former Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho hid his many scrapes with the FA from his missus and got away with it because she is not a football fan . Conte is not so lucky but does have previous good character on his side . Despite his well-known histrionics in the dugout , this is his first offence since coming to work in England last summer . It counts in his favour and despite being ordered from pitchside to watch the second half in the dressing room , he will be back on the touchline for today ’s lunchtime clash with Newcastle . Conte lost his temper on Wednesday , claiming Swansea were time-wasting . But that is nowhere near as big an issue for him as the fixture congestion this season . The Italian has hit out at the Blues ’ apparent lack of time between big games and the West London club have taken their manager ’s frustrations to the Premier League . Champions Chelsea are at home to Newcastle 2 ½ days after playing Swansea . Newcastle have had an extra day ’s rest . Chelsea were also forced to play Manchester City two days after playing Atletico Madrid in Spain and Liverpool 72 hours after a 5,000-mile round trip to Azerbaijan to play FC Qarabag . The home game against Watford was also brought forward from Monday night to the preceding Saturday . TV companies pay around £ 11million per game to televise Premier League matches . But fuming Conte said : “ This is the fourth time . I ’m not stupid , if someone wants to joke with me I ’m not the right person to joke . I want respect for my job , for my club , for the players , for the fans . “ It happened again . Newcastle played on Tuesday night , we played on Wednesday night and now we have to play again on Saturday at 12.30 pm — it has happened again . “ Against Watford we should have played on Monday and then they changed it to Saturday at 12.30 after we played Wednesday . “ OK once it can happen . Twice it can happen . Against Man City . The third time , you start to be perplexed . EPA “ And now against Newcastle . I do n’t want advantages for my team . I want the same rest as our opponents . I think now there is a strange coincidence . “ I want to protect my club , I want to try to protect my players , I want to try to protect my fans , also I want to try to protect the Premier League . “ Now we have 11 points less than Manchester City . Yes , but if you remember when we played Manchester City they rested one day more than us . “ We played against Liverpool , Liverpool rested one day more than us . Now again , in only 14 games , it ’s happened four times . “ It is very difficult to think this is a coincidence , honestly . ”	Antonio Conte reveals FA fine means he will be cancelling wife ’s birthday celebrations
If you 're flying American Airlines over the holidays , you can breathe a sigh of relief . The carrier and its pilot union said Friday that there will be enough pilots available to cover all of American 's December flights , despite its scheduling blunder . Earlier this week , the Allied Pilots Association said a computer glitch allowed too many pilots to take time off next month , leaving thousands of flights without a captain . " We are pleased to report that together , American and the Allied Pilots Association have put that worry to rest to make sure our flights will operate as scheduled . By working together , we can assure customers that among the many stresses of the season , worrying about a canceled flight wo n't be one of them , " the company said in a statement . The APA , in its own statement , confirmed that American " will be able to maintain a full December schedule as planned for its passengers . " The two parties met Friday morning to discuss a fix for the situation . American Airlines President Robert Isom was in attendance , according to an APA spokesman . The spokesman said the details of the agreement will be released later Friday , after it 's circulated to the pilots . On Wednesday , American and the APA sparred over whether the airline could offer pilots extra pay in order to get them to fill the open slots . To address the shortage , American Airlines ( AAL ) said pilots who picked up certain open trips would receive 150 % of their hourly pay . The APA , meanwhile , advised pilots not to sign on , saying that the airline 's solution violated the union contract . Then , on Thursday , American said that the problem was largely solved , and " only a few hundred " flights remained unassigned . The union said it was still " seriously concerned " about schedule disruptions . The APA now says that it 's " withdrawn [ its ] grievance " after cutting a deal with the carrier . American has about 200,000 flights scheduled for December and operates an average of 6,700 daily . No flights were canceled due to the scheduling mix-up . Still , stressed fliers took to social media , asking the airline if they 'd be able to make it home during the busy holiday season . CNNMoney ( New York ) First published December 1 , 2017 : 6:10 PM ET	American Airlines : We now have enough pilots for December
Tech startups in need of engineers are sprouting up all across the Silicon Slopes , but the Canopy engineering team is unique . We have daily standups , full transparency ( and we mean full transparency — of financials , roadmaps , etc . ) , and you ’ll never see a stack of technical specs just handed off to an engineer . Our values are reflected in our daily work . Here ’s a closer look at what makes the Canopy engineering team so different.We ’re OwnersCanopy engineers are n’t micromanaged in what they code . Canopy engineers are owners . Throughout the process of building the product , they have a big say in making decisions . From being included in product discussions to receiving customer feedback , our engineering team is more than just a branch for implementation.Because each engineer is involved in making decisions , they are given full autonomy and trust . There is no gatekeeper to deployment . Canopy deploys several times a day , and every engineer has the ability to deploy . “ We have a policy of ‘ you build it , you run it . ’” - Nick Humrich , DevOps engineerWe CollaborateAnother great aspect of Canopy is the emphasis on collaboration . Rather than sitting together as one engineering team , our engineers sit in squads of two front-end developers , two back-end developers , a QA engineer , a product designer , and a product manager . “ We collaborate every day . There is never a day when you come in , put in your headphones , and work alone all day . ” - Oli Ikeme , software engineerBeyond collaborating with other team members who help build the product , Canopy engineers also feel like they play a part in sales and customer support . No one is siloed ( there are literally no cubicles in sight ) . “ You can talk to anyone and know what is happening with a project . ” - Olga Areshnikova , QA engineerWe ’re ProgressiveOur software engineers also have an awesome job from the technology perspective . We stay up to date with the latest technology and push the envelope of innovation . A lot of projects at Canopy are challenging , but our engineering team loves a good challenge and the chance to learn . “ We ’re not stale , and we ’re not afraid to explore new things . We have a mentality that if something ’s working we want to make it work better . ” - Oli Ikeme , software engineerCanopy embraces open source as a tool for innovation . Several of our engineers have written or contributed to major open source projects . Some of the other technical benefits of being an engineer for Canopy include : Cloud-hosted softwareTrunk-based developmentTrue continuous integrationNo dealing with internationalization ( we only write for US tax ) Feature toggle service ( deploy to product but not customers ) Microservices on the front-endPython 3.6 asyncio “ I do n’t know if you could come up with more complex business logic than tax . It ’s challenging to build , but I think of that as a positive . ” - Bret Little , software engineerWe CelebrateLastly , we have a work hard , play hard policy . Canopy finds as many reasons as possible to celebrate and have fun as a company . For team activities the engineering team has tried virtual reality , waterskiing , and even zip lining . “ We ’re encouraged to celebrate both personal and team wins . ” - Skyler Lewis , software engineer &amp; DevOpsOn top of the engineers ’ activities , there are plenty of other activities to get involved in no matter what your interests are . Whether you want to try mountain biking , join a writing group , go on photography outings , or participate in an intramural sport , we offer it here at Canopy , and you ’ll have people who want to join you . Or you can just come to all the parties and enjoy the good food and company . “ Opportunities like Canopy do n’t come up every day . ” - Skyler Lewis , software engineer &amp; DevOpsIf you ’re interested in applying to Canopy , you can find all open positions here .	Why Canopy is a Unique Place for Software Engineers
President Donald Trump took to Twitter on Friday to promote the Republican tax reform plan currently before Congress , citing a letter 137 economists sent to lawmakers on Wednesday in support of the legislation . Trump tweeted : The economists maintained economic growth in the U.S. would " accelerate if the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passes . " The reforms would lead to " more jobs , higher wages , and a better standard of living for the American people , " the letter added , Business Insider reported . Conversely , if Congress failed to pass tax reform legislation , they explained the result would be the risk of " continued economic underperformance . " The House is expected to vote on the tax reform legislation next week , should the Senate approve the measure . Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Friday he expected the bill to pass in the Senate .	Trump Tweets Support of GOP Tax Bill
Miami ( AFP ) - Tiger Woods fired a four-under-par 68 to remain in contention in his comeback event at the Hero World Challenge in the Bahamas on Friday.The 41-year-old superstar , playing his first tournament in nearly 10 months , vaulted up the leaderboard at the Albany Golf Club with a blistering front nine.The 14-time-major champion was five-under for the day after posting three birdies and an eagle before the turn to go eight-under for the tournament.However Woods ' momentum faltered on the back nine , where two bogeys saw him eventually finish the day at seven-under . Woods has plenty of ground to make up over the weekend , however , with leader Charley Hoffman producing a stunning nine-under-par 63 to move to 12-under . Yet Woods was satisfied with another solid day of tournament golf after spending most of the past two years sidelined with a debilitating back injury . " I think it was successful because I shot 31 on the front nine , " Woods told reporters afterwards . " I built upon what I did yesterday.I cleaned it up . " The only thing I struggled with was the speed of the greens.They seemed to be a foot faster . " Woods added that he was satisfied with his fitness following spinal fusion surgery on his back in April . " I proved that the surgery was successful and that the rehab was fantastic.I got a chance to go out there and play competitive golf again , " Woods said . - ' Just getting back ' - " I 'm just getting back.I 've still got a long way to go , " added Woods , who also missed the entire 2015-2016 season . " I felt like today I could have easily got to double digits under par.That would have put me one or two back.But I think I 'm still in it . " It 's supposed to blow a little bit harder tomorrow -- if that 's the case I think a good solid round should get me up there . " After a solid first round 69 on Thursday , Woods got off to a flying start on Friday , reeling off three birdies in the opening four holes.His first birdie came on the first when a 96-yard approach shot landed five feet from the hole for a simple birdie putt.On the par-five third his eagle putt from just off the green went just wide but left him with an easy birdie.A further birdie came on the fourth , after another superb approach shot.It got better on the par-five ninth when he made the green in two before rolling in a 15-foot eagle putt to put him into the lead at eight under.A further birdie on the 11th put Woods at six under for the day , nine under overall but a bogey on 12 checked his progress.Five more pars followed but on the 18th Woods ' tee-shot found the sand bordering the fairway , forcing him to hack out and leaving him with a difficult up and down to save par , which he duly failed.Tournament leader Hoffman meanwhile tore up the course with 12 birdies and three bogeys on his way to his 63 . Hoffman said he was delighted to see Woods back in contention . " It 's nice to see again , " Hoffman said . " It 's pretty special to be out here and see Tiger making eagles and birdies and hopefully be in contention on Sunday . " Hoffman leads by three shots from Jordan Spieth , who carded a five-under-par 67 to move to nine under , alongside England 's Tommy Fleetwood , who carded a 69 . Justin Rose is alone on eight under , four off the lead , while Woods was joined on seven under by Japan 's Hideki Matsuyama , Italy 's Francesco Molinari and Americans Matt Kuchar and Rickie Fowler .	Woods in hunt as Hoffman romps
A recap of SMB Index performance for November 2017After a scorching gain in October , the SCP SMB Index continued to rally , climbing another 3.3 % in November , outpacing all other major indices we track.Summary of the SCP SMB performance vs other benchmark indicesThe SCP SMB Index gained 3.3 % in November . The S&amp;P 500 , Nasdaq and Dow Jones all experienced gains during the month of 2.1 % and 1.9 % and 2.5 % , respectively.Returns since inception ( indexed at Jan 4 , 2016 ) Since the inception of the SCP SMB Index in January 4 , 2016 ( where 100 % is no change ) , here are the returns till November 30 , 2017 : SCP SMB Index — 149.26 % S&amp;P 500 – 130.48 % Nasdaq — 139.19 % Dow Jones — 139.60 % Monthly gainsDuring November the SCP SMB Index climbed from $ 127.44 , up to $ 131.61 at the end of the month.In comparison , during the month of November , other benchmark indices made the following moves : the S&amp;P 500 was up 2.1 % during the month of Novemberthe Nasdaq increased 1.9 % from the end of Octoberthe Dow Jones climbed 2.5 % since the end of OctoberDrivers of movementThe SCP SMB Index is weighted based on the market capitalization of the 35 companies that are included in the index . The market cap of the top 5 companies ( by market cap ) accounts for ~ 57 % of the total market cap of all 35 companies and therefore the movement of these 5 companies influence the SMB Index as a whole.Square continued it ’s run over the past few months leading the list of Top 5 Constituents climbing 5.5 % in November . First Data Corp and ADP dropped during November , falling 7.6 % and 2.2 % . Here are the top 5 gainers and losers for NovemberGroupon led the gainers , up 18.2 % in the month of November , while Stamps.com led the list of losers down 25.0 % during the month.Here ’s how all 35 companies stacked up in the month of November21 out of the 35 companies in the SCP SMB Index experienced gains in the month of November.Summary of the SCP SMB performance vs other benchmark indicesYou can follow the SurePath SMB Index in real time at : http://www.surepathcapital.com/smb-indexAt SurePath Capital Partners we help startups raise the capital needed to become market leaders . When the time is right , we help our clients achieve profitable , deliberate exit strategies . We only work with startups in SaaS , and commerce . Across those segments we have a deep focus on companies serving the global SMB market . Say hello : info@surepathcapital.com	November 2017 — Movements in the SMB Index
Big Bang Theory star Kaley Cuoco is engaged to Karl Cook , a professional horse rider . WHO IS KARL COOK ? The pair bonded over their shared love of horses when they began dating in the spring of 2016 . She had filed for divorced her tennis player husband Ryan Sweeting in the fall of 2015 after 21 months of marriage , and the proceedings were finalized in May 2016 . Cook asked Cuoco to marry him on her 32nd birthday , and she said yes . Just hours before , Cook teased the actress with a fake ring at target , saying , “ On my loves birthday I got her everything she has always wanted … . now judging by her face maybe not , it ’s the thought that counts right 😳 😳 😳 . ” Later , he popped the actual question with a real diamond ring . “ I am so so so happy . Thank you @nadis_diamonds for making the greatest ring I could hope for . Absolutely brilliant . Thank you thank you , ” Cook captioned a photo of the ring on the Instagram account named after his dog , Tank . He also posted a video of Cuoco ’s reaction to the proposal on the account . In it , she is crying and red-faced in happiness . “ We ’re engaged , ” she manages to say between cries . At the end , he points out that Cuoco never even said yes , to which she yells , “ Yes , I say yes , I say yes ! ” In 2016 , in an interview with Cosmopolitan , she admitted that her divorce “ changes the way I look at marriage , and that makes me sad . ” But , she added , it “ does not change the way I look at love . ” Later , when discussing her relationship with the equestrian with People , she expressed pleasure that they both shared interests in horses and in dogs . “ When you share something so special , some sort of connection — for us , it ’s horses , but anything two people share — you have that common goal and you know that you want the same things in life , day to day , and in the future , ” she explained . “ It just sets you on a better path . Having a lot in common is really important and we definitely have a lot in common . I think that that ’s what makes us so strong and really happy . ” Cuoco and Cook and both dog lovers , and each will bring their own pup to the marriage . Cuoco ’s Instagram account is also named for her dog , Norman , who ’s last name on the account is Cook . Cuoco , in fact , means cook or chef in French , so their names are a perfect match as well . “ Still crying 💍 every part of this night has been perfection just like you @mrtankcook I love you forever ! ” Cuoco captioned the same video of her reaction to the proposal .	Who Is Karl Cook , ‘ Big Bang Theory ’ Kaley Cuoco ’s Fiancé ?
Donald Trump 's son-in-law and Middle East peace envoy Jared Kushner will make a rare public appearance on Sunday , as the president mulls whether to move the US embassy to Jerusalem.The coincidence of a policy forum , the embassy decision and an imminent trip to the region by Vice President Mike Pence have stirred speculation that a new peace plan is in the works.Kushner will address the annual Saban Forum , hosted by the Brookings think tank for Israeli-American investor Haim Saban , on Sunday , after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.The forum , which brings together leaders from Israel and the United States , has served as a launching pad for ideas to bring peace between Israel and the Palestinians in the past.Kushner , the 36-year-old husband of Trump 's daughter Ivanka , has been tasked with making good on the president 's promise to find a deal that may be " not as difficult as people thought . " The envoy has made several trips to the region , despite deep skepticism from the parties , and is working closely with aide Jason Greenblatt to draw up draft proposals.Some well-placed observers , however , worry that the whole idea may be moot if Trump enrages the Palestinians through a too-brutal change in the US stance on Jerusalem.Both Israelis and Palestinians claim the city as their capital and previous peace plans have stumbled over debates on whether , and how , to divide sovereignty or oversee holy sites.Since 1995 it has been US law that Washington 's embassy in Israel must be moved from the coastal city of Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , in line with Israeli government wishes.But every six months since the law was passed a succession of US presidents have signed a waiver to hold off on a switch which would enrage Palestinians and their Arab supporters.Trump has signed the waiver once , and grudgingly , after vowing to Jewish-American supporters that he would be the president to finally make the switch permanent.The next deadline comes on Monday , and some reports in Washington suggest that Trump is planning a speech on the issue next week , before Pence heads to Jerusalem.The White House has described reports he may refuse to sign the waiver as premature -- but sources told AFP they expect Trump to formally declare Jerusalem Israel 's capital.If he does , this may damage the already moribund peace process , particularly if he offends Palestinians by dubbing the city Israel 's " undivided capital " as some there demand .	Kushner to break silence as Trump mulls Israel embassy move
High-performance cars make no sense . I ’ll take two , thanks . Some 50-plus years after the era of Chevy 409s , Mercury Cyclones , Olds 442s , Pontiac GTOs , Hemi ’ Cudas , and other high-powered Detroit sedans and coupes , it ’s déjà vu all over again.Four hundred horsepower is just a modest entry point now . Production cars are stuffed with 550 , 650 , and even 800 hp , usually with handling and brakes we could only dream of in the old days . But why ? Why spend the resources , scarce as they are ? I mean , outside of a small audience , who wants these things ? If you answered “ a clamoring public , ” you ’d be dead wrong . Sure , there are folks like you and me , but that ’s increasingly not the public . It ’s usually a group at the manufacturer , either in marketing , product planning , or engineering , convinced that a sexy high-performance car ( or a performance version of another model ) will give the brand upmarket cachet . Sometimes it works . The early Subaru Impreza WRXs , heroes of video games , paved the way for later success . AMG has helped Mercedes-Benz shed dullness . M-series cars have polished the BMW brand . The Hellcat gave a much-needed shot of vitamins to an aging , moribund line of Dodges . Sometimes it does n’t work . The Fiesta ST and Focus RS , neat as they are , have sold in modest numbers , with no real effect on overall brand health . The jury is still out on the Cadillac V-series , magnificent machines in head-on collision with the generations-old “ soft and squishy ” Cadillac image . Often , the brand decides a unique car is needed . Here , again , the results are mixed : The Viper lent new credibility to a feeble , K-car-producing Chrysler that many had written off . The Solstice made Pontiac semirelevant again . But the Cadillac XLR came and went with few sales and no “ halo ” for the marque . The Nissan GT-R is a technological tour de force , though it ’s never sold in big numbers . The Ford GT is a splendid low-volume car , but with little discernible benefit for Ford , the brand.There ’s often another , well-hidden reason : The product folks at most manufacturers are stung by media kudos bestowed on competitors . ( The general fawning over Toyota and the Prius angered me to the point of creating the Volt — admittedly a different category , yet the same motive applies . ) “ Hell , we can do better than that ; we ’ll bury those guys ! ” is the rallying cry . And semienthusiastic marketing people , as well as totally opposed finance guys , are rope-a-doped into supporting a financially questionable program . But it ’s all worth it when they see the magazine covers blaring , “ Shock ! Horror ! A 700-hp Lincoln you can buy ! ” ( I ’m making this one up . ) It feels so good to the creators , much as it must to the designers of a high-end Swiss mechanical watch that is one millisecond per day more accurate than the competitors ’ . In short , we make high-performance cars for reasons that are sometimes logical , sometimes emotional , and they are sometimes successful and often not . But they do , thank God , enrich the automotive landscape . Let ’s hope the process continues until autonomy buries it . Bob Lutz has been The Man at several car companies . Ask him about cars , the auto industry , or life in general , by submitting questions : AskBob@RoadAndTrack.com or via Facebook.Want more Road &amp; Track ? Get Instant Access !	Why Automakers Build Performance Cars , Even When They Do n't Make Sense
Photo : Netflix The opening credits for Dark , Netflix ’s first German-language original series , are simple but striking . Eschewing the “ here is a significant object and/or an image of one of the cast members ’ faces , slowly moving through a black field , with some cool coloring ” technique beloved by so many shows for the past few years , the title sequence reflects moments seemingly plucked from throughout the series back on one another , symmetrically — the mirror effect from “ When Doves Cry , ” basically . Like a kaleidoscopic rorschach test , it renders the familiar suddenly weird and angular as if it ’s being sucked into or ejected from an invisible portal in the middle of the frame , simply by repeating what you see and smushing it back in on itself . If that ai n’t the Netflix model , I do n’t know what is.Created by Jantje Friese and Baran bo Odar and directed in its entirety by bo Odar , Dark sure feels familiar . “ Secrets , ” its series premiere , is set in a small town surrounded by a forest that borders a nuclear power plant , where teenagers and their adult parents are forced to come to grips with the unexplained disappearance of a young boy . And based on a brief glimpse we ’re given of the plight of a previously vanished teenager , it seems he might be subjected to strange psychological and physical experiments designed by a mysterious lone captor . In other words , if you watched Stranger Things and The OA , this is Recommended for You : The Series . Yet Dark does not feel nearly as derivative as it could , or perhaps even should . For starters , it ’s dealing with much more emotionally fraught material than Stranger Things , the show to which it will no doubt most frequently be compared . ( Including by me , apparently . ) In this episode alone , we witness a suicide by hanging , and pick up some time later with the victim ’s teenage son Jonas , back from two months in what ’s implied to be a mental institution . The man ’s widow , Hannah , is having a pretty torrid affair with a neighbor , Ulrich , a cop investigating the disappearance of a local teenager named Erik , whose face is plastered on “ MISSING ” posters over town . The investigation is complicated by the disappearance of Ulrich ’s brother Mads under similar circumstances 23 years earlier , an incident which seems to have snapped the sanity of their mother Jana to this day . ( Ulrich ’s partner is Charlotte , whose estranged husband Peter is the therapist treating Jonas , and whose daughter is the school brainiac , Franziska . ) Erik ’s distraught parents are viscerally unhappy with the slow progress of the search ; on the opposite end of the spectrum , local hotel magnate , Regina , takes the major-in-Jaws position of wanting the investigation wrapped up and Erik declared a runaway rather than a murder victim as soon as possible , so that her failing business can be shored up by a restored tourist trade . Regina ’s son Bartosz is seeing Ulrich ’s daughter Martha , a relationship that started when his best friend and her ex-fling Jonas was away . Hannah must comfort Jonas , still grieving his father , while conducting the affair with Ulrich so close to detection by his wife Katharina , principal of the school all the teens attend , that it borders on brinksmanship . ( At a parents meeting about the disappearance ’s effect on the other kids , Hannah sneaks out to make out with Ulrich right outside the school . ) And the incident that kicks off the plot in earnest is a second disappearance , that of Ulrich ’s youngest kid Mikkel , when he accompanies a gaggle of older teens including his brother and sister as they attempt to find Erik ’s drug stash near a sinister cave out in the woods . This ai n’t playing D&amp;D , friends . It ’s a tangled web that ’s way closer to Twin Peaks.In addition to raw interpersonal relationships that would n’t feel out of place on a show about raw interpersonal relationships — as opposed to the largely blameless behavior of the Spielbergian townsfolk in Stranger Things — dark is way more visually sophisticated . Bo Odar ’s camera seems to be in constant but very slow motion , gliding through the places where the characters work and live like a breeze , or a ghost . The technique helps create a real sense of empty space in the frame , and visually suggests the idea that something is missing , or that something is haunting this place . Symmetrical shot compositions abound ; this is a pretty easy trick if you want to make your show or film look classy , I ’ll admit , but I ’m a sucker for symmetry so it works for me.There ’s more to recommend it , for sure , from the effective , The Descent – style use of a cave as a locus of horror … … to leading man Oliver Masucci , who looks like the love child of Daniel Craig and Mads Mikkelsen . But my favorite element may well be the show ’s approach to ‘ 80s nostalgia , which is literally used as an implement of psychological torture : It ’s impossible to tell as of this moment what , exactly , is going on in that weird room , though the discovery of a kid ’s corpse ( neither Erik nor Mikkel , it turns out ) with his eyes burned out and the subsequent shot of Erik in captivity getting some kind of circular metal band wrapped around his face while strapped into a chair would indicate it ’s nothing good . By blasting ‘ 80s pop at the poor kid , his tormenter makes a decent case that obsession with the past stripped of context is a dangerous thing . That ’s enough to win me over . Sean T. Collins ( @theseantcollins ) writes about TV for Rolling Stone , Vulture , the Observer , and anyplace that will have him , really . He and his family live on Long Island . Stream Dark on Netflix	‘ Dark ’ on Netflix Series Premiere Recap : Stranger-er Things
This week we finished a big family visit to the West Coast . Lots of good conversations , plenty of laughs , but now the bad part : Pictures.I blame Apple , Samsung , and the whole damn bunch of telephone makers who thought it a bright idea to put tiny cameras in their instruments . Now people everywhere snap shots of us , often in compromising moments , and blast them to the world on MyFace , InstaChat , SnapGram , etc.Family gatherings are the worst ; everybody takes snapshots . Even old-smelling Aunt Betty who does n’t know how to use her phone-cam and probably wo n’t be able to find the pictures on it anyway , gives you her camera for a photo of her surrounded by the little kids who otherwise wo n’t get near her . It ca n’t be good hygiene handling someone else ’s phone . Just imagine — moments ago it was living in her purse next to her used Kleenex.Did you ever notice when younger gals cluster for a group shot they stand somewhat sideways ? One confided it ’s to mitigate what ’s below the waist and emphasize what ’s above . I tried that technique but it did n’t work for me . Something in these newer camera phones distorts my girth when viewed from any angle except head on.Photographs preserve for posterity things that should n’t be . Like nosepicking , scratching a personal area , or extracting a rogue caraway seed from between the teeth . The worst is when an aspiring Ansel Adams freezes you in a severe squint so your face looks like an apple that ’s been lying on the ground for weeks.Candid photos by amateurs should be outlawed . They make you look fat ( I speak from personal experience ) , old ( ditto ) , and like someone nobody would spend time with.So this morning I deleted myself from websites where my visage appears without written permission , much less monetary compensation . I mean , if they put a picture of you on their page just so their pals get a good laugh , should n’t they at least pay you?Taking a cue from those in power , I declare all such unflattering postings “ fake news . ” I ’ll deny it ’s me . I ’ll make up a story it was Photoshopped and I was n’t there . I ’ll create my own “ alternative facts ” — like they do now in Washington.The next time we visit the family in California I ’ll circulate a petition that no pictures are taken of anyone without their permission except the kids under 10 . I bet every right-thinking adult will sign it.Photo : Jakob OwenPhoto : Adrian SavaJoe Grant	Should They Pay When They Post Your Picture ?
Sen. Jeff Flake ( R-AZ ) has revealed that he ’s been promised an amnesty for nearly 800,000 illegal aliens by the Senate Republican leadership so long as he votes in favor of a year-end tax reform bill . In a statement , Flake — a longtime advocate for mass immigration and amnesty — said he was originally going to vote against the tax reform plan , but was promised by GOP leadership that if he voted in favor of the bill , he would be backed later on by leadership with a plan to give amnesty to hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens who have been shielded from deportation by the President Obama-created Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) program . The Washington Post noted : Almost simultaneously , Sen. Jeff Flake ( R-Ariz . ) , a prominent holdout , announced his support for the legislation . He said he had secured leadership backing for two priorities : one related to how businesses can deduct major investments like equipment purchases ; and the second involving a solution for immigrants brought wihtout authorization to the United States as children . “ Having secured both of those objectives , I am pleased to announce I will vote in support of the tax reform bill , ” Flake said in a statement . In another statement , Flake not only said that he got a commitment by the GOP leadership to support a DACA amnesty , but also that the “ solution ” would be “ growth-oriented ” which loosely refers to more legal immigration and more imported foreign workers for big business . From the outset of the current debate on tax reform , my goal has been to ensure that Congress passes a tax reform package that is both fiscally-responsible and promotes economic growth . During the debate over the current bill , I ’ve focused on two specific objectives . The first was to eliminate the $ 85 billion expensing budget gimmick in the bill . The second was to obtain a firm commitment from the Senate Leadership and the administration to work with me on a growth-oriented legislative solution to enact fair and permanent protections for DACA recipients . [ Emphasis added ] Flake ’s statement would mean the passage of the tax legislation is actually serving as an assurance to the Republican establishment , Democrats , the open borders lobby and corporate interests that an amnesty for DACA illegal aliens will happen , no matter the amount of opposition to it by President Trump ’s base and the American people . Earlier in the week , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and corporate interests gathered in Washington , D.C. with illegal aliens to lobby lawmakers to support an amnesty for DACA recipients . The open borders efforts , though , have not pushed the White House to move from the Trump administration ’s stance that any deal on DACA would have to include the President ’s pro-American immigration principles in order for it to be considered . In September , Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced that the DACA program would officially be ended in March 2018 . Since then , the political establishment , the open borders lobby , and big business have attempted to quickly lobby and pass an amnesty deal that could potentially result in a flood of between 9.9 to 19 million foreign extended family members arriving in the U.S. in years to come .	Flake : GOP Leadership Promised DACA Amnesty if I Vote for Tax Bill
Greg Gayne / FOX Things are certainly starting to heat up on “ Hell ’s Kitchen All Stars . ” Fans of the Fox reality TV cooking competition series are eager to see which of the 11 remaining chefs will make it to the finish line and become head chef at the first-ever Gordon Ramsay Hell ’s Kitchen Restaurant at Caesar ’s Palace in Las Vegas , Nevada . We asked you in a recent poll which contestant you want to win the most , and the resounding favorite with 31 % of the vote was Milly Medley . This Philadelphia , Pennsylvania resident finished fourth place back in Season 14 , but now he ’s in it to win it . Coming in second place with 15 % of the vote was Dana Cohen , followed by Nick Peters Bond and Van Hurd in third place with 12 % . Barbie Marshall and Michelle Tribble were next in line with 10 % of the vote . Tying for fifth place with 4 % were Elise Harris and Jennifer Normant . Interestingly enough , Elise won our last poll asking which All Star you HATE the most with a whopping 54 % . Looks like 4 % of those fans have since changed their minds ( Milly , by the way , received just 1 % of that vote ) . In sixth place with just 2 % was Manda Palomino , and coming in last place with a pitiful 0 % of votes were Benjamin Knack and Robyn Almodovar . Guess this makes them the least popular all stars . Which All Star chef will keep their head off the chopping block and make it to bitter end ? Tune into Fox on Friday at 8:00 p.m. to see who can survive “ Hells Kitchen ” in Season 17 , Episode 8 . Be sure to make your predictions so that the contestants can see how they ’re faring in our racetrack odds . You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next episode airs every Friday on Fox . You ’ll compete to win a spot on our leaderboard and eternal bragging rights . See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our reality TV forum . Read more Gold Derby entertainment news . ' Hell 's Kitchen ' Winners : Where Are They Now ? +12 More	‘ Hell ’s Kitchen All Stars ’ : Milly Medley is the chef you want to win , say 31 % of voters [ POLL RESULTS ]
It ’s a month of holiday indulgence — Hanukkah and Christmas ( of course ) , but there ’s another holiday that justifies binging on sweets : National Cupcake Day . So how should you celebrate on Friday , Dec. 15 ? By eating , of course — and maybe for free . At 24 of its locations , Sprinkles Cupcakes is giving one lucky customer a year-long supply of its handmade cupcakes ( one dozen per month ) . To enter customers must sign up for the Sprinkles Perks Program and purchase an item from a Sprinkles bakery before Dec. 13 . #NationalCupcakeDay just got sweeter ! One lucky customer in every bakery will win free #cupcakesforayear ! To enter , customers must be a member or sign up for Perks &amp; make a purchase from Dec 1-12 . Each visit counts as a different entry ! For more info - &gt; https://t.co/qAx9KsLFMH pic.twitter.com/V5I9b6Ojgr— Sprinkles Cupcakes ( @sprinkles ) December 1 , 2017 The true icing on the ( cup ) cake is that even if you do n’t win a year ’s supply , the first 5o customers in line at each location on Dec. 15 will receive a free , limited-edition Strawberry Sprinkles Cupcake topped with cream cheese frosting and rainbow sprinkles . Sprinkles Cupcakes was founded by former Food Network Cupcake Wars judge Candace Nelson . The pastry chef previously told PEOPLE that for her , taste it what counts most in a baked good . “ The best thing about cake ( and , well , dessert in general ) is that , regardless of how it looks , it always tastes great , ” said Nelson . “ How could it not when you are working with ingredients like butter , cream , chocolate and sugar ? ”	Sprinkles Is Giving Away a Year 's Worth of Free Cupcakes for National Cupcake Day
The world has evolved into a strong point of crazy ideas and concepts to change the way we live and do business . It is a selective front of major changes and attributes . This is the strongest instance of the Crypterium platform on the blockchain technology that houses over 42,000,000 stores online for easy banking transactions and official real time investments . This is the advancement and simple variation of classic online banking . Hence , Crypterium as an online banking platform represents the most unique and flexible process of simple payments , sales , insurance and withdrawals on the electronic banking store . The platform offers unique speed for all transactions and transfers . This is established on the systems design and Blockchain API framework . The platform offers a transparent process via its 42 million stores online . This creates the relevancy and paradigm of collective online crypto banking process . In addition the stores online via Crypterium can be used all over the world . It also makes it very easy and functionally important for functional blockchain transactions . The Crypterium is also built into the variableness and construct of multi layer security for all users . Thus , any transaction done by the Crypterium user does n’t need the placements or monitoring of a middle man in the picture . It further navigates on the balance of security and network node checks for deals and transactions . The picture suits the Crypterium users , investors and contributors on a long run basis . It is a platform that creates no waiting time for the users on card issues and transactions of any sort . The Crypterium also establishes and put no limit to the level or number of transaction volumes which can be done by its users . This is a break out from the centralized and traditional banking norm . This is an extraordinary feat coupled with the easy exchanges on fait currencies . This makes the presence of Crypterium on the crypto blockchain of great importance and relevance in general . It also offers an integrated third party payment process and plans which navigates a synergy with PayPal , AliPay , Wechat , payTm etc . The prospect is very flexible and remarkably unique for contactless token traders on the chain node . The Crypterium Sx is a mobile platform application that enhances proper risk management and offers mandatory identifiable transaction behaviors . This maintains the prominence and established facet of the Crypterium goal for all Blockchain users online . Thus , Crypterium SX helps all its users in understanding and having the required amount of knowledge needed to carryout transactions and maintaining a sound decision making understanding for strategic payment policies . This helps to remove and eliminate the challenges of mobile banking constraints . The Crypterium platform also helps its users on the electronic ( e ) - wallet electronic commerce deals in general . The payment process for all e-transactions is made easy and swift . It also offers limitless trade volumes for all its users . The ICO starts 31st of October 2017 . This also shapes the timeline for all deals at a hardcap of $ 47,000,000 USD . Thus , 1CRPT = 0.0001 BTc with Ethereum and other currencies such as BTC helps to secure all forms of Crypterium transactions . it therefore establishes the fact that Crypterium platform on the crypto market has emerged to meet and solve challenges associated with online deals and banking prospects for the crypto market with its 42 million stores online . its a new dawn of possibilities and functions on online banking . It is the Crypterium phase sequence for banking users.Sources : Authored by : jerrisonEth Address : 0x9AD5a70a6993a8d4D070a4F3b1dd633E720f670F	The Crypterium innovation in the blockchain
In the weeks and months leading up to Apple ’s iPhone X event this past September , it was n’t entirely clear what Apple ’s rumored facial recognition feature would mean for Touch ID . If you recall , there were a number of speculative reports claiming that Apple was still trying to figure out a way to incorporate Touch ID underneath the iPhone X display or position it on the back of the device . When the iPhone X was officially unveiled , Touch ID — surprise , surprise — was nowhere to be found . In turn , a narrative quickly emerged claiming that Apple only opted to implement Face ID after running into trouble with Touch ID . In truth , Touch ID on the iPhone X was never seriously in the cards . Though Apple toyed with the idea many months back , it was since revealed that Face ID was designed to be a complete replacement for Touch ID more than a year ago . Face ID is said to be more secure than Touch ID , and since the iPhone X hit stores a few weeks ago , the feature has largely performed exactly as advertised . There is , however , one slight difference between Face ID and Touch ID . Whereas Touch ID allows users to register multiple fingers — and thus multiple users — Face ID only permits users to register one face per device . Though hardly a serious issue , it did cause some grumbling amongst a small minority of users who like to share device access with loved ones . Now if you ’re one of those users , we ’ve got some bad news for you . According to an email from Apple ’s own Craig Federighi ( originally posted to Reddit ) , support for multiple users via Face ID is n’t likely to happen anytime soon . In response to a question on the matter , Federighi explained : Currently we ’re focusing Face ID on a single user authentication . Even TouchID ’s multi-finger support was really intended to enable a single iPhone owner to unlock the device with a finger and thumb on both hands , not to enable multi-user authentication . We ’ll certainly keep your feedback in mind as we consider our plans to evolve Face ID in the future . The full exchange can be seen below .	Apple says Face ID on the iPhone X was n’t designed to support multiple users
" Project Resurrection " is about to become huge for ' Star Wars ' . The revolution will not be televised . It 'll be sent to your inbox by us.With The Last Jedi only a few short weeks away , video game developer EA has plans to release DLC for Star Wars : Battlefront II leading up to the release of the new film , and the story-based expansion might reveal the untold origins of Snoke ’s First Order.Full spoilers follow for Battlefront II ’s story campaign.EA promises the following for an upcoming update to Star Wars : Battlefront II : “ Iden Versio returns . In Star Wars : Battlefront II — Resurrection , you ’ll join Commander Iden Versio during the days of the First Order ’s rise to power . ” That “ rise to power ” occurs just before The Force Awakens and after the final mission of Battlefront II.By now , most know that in the final mission , the player controls Kylo Ren decades after the Battle of Jakku . As Kylo Ren , you enter the captured Del Meeko ’s mind to extract information about the star map that can lead him to Luke Skywalker . ( This actually provides connective tissue that explains how the First Order knew where to find Lor San Tekka at the beginning of The Force Awakens . ) Kylo Ren gets the info he needs , Meeko is seemingly killed by former comrade Gideon Hask , and Iden Versio is nowhere to be seen.We also learn through dialogue between Del Meeko and Kylo that Meeko married Iden Versio and they had a daughter . One fan theory posits that the daughter could be Rey , but we ca n’t know that for sure.EA has teased via press releases that in Resurrection , Versio stumbled upon some kind of conspiracy : “ The DLC features three new chapters of Iden ’s story and picks up after the campaign ’s epilogue . In “ Resurrection , ” Iden is on a quest to search for her missing husband when she stumbles across a First Order conspiracy that crosses paths with both The Force Awakens and The Last Jedi film timeline . ” Just who is the First Order trying to resurrect ? Between the upcoming Battlefront II DLC and The Last Jedi , we ’re bound to find out.Star Wars : Battlefront II — Resurrection will be released on December 13 , days before The Last Jedi hits theaters on December 15 .	' Star Wars : Battlefront II ' Might Reveal Purpose of Snoke 's First Order
Kim Kardashian at the birthday bash of Chrissy Teigen on Nov. 30 . Chrissy Teigen celebrated 32 years of life in style yesterday , hosting an elaborate Pan-Am-themed birthday party that brought together all of the model ’s famous friends . Kim Kardashian stepped out at the affair in a chic ’60s - inspired outfit . The reality star sported a blush-colored dress , which she paired with white pumps for a look straight out of the era . Kardashian attended the affair with her mother , Kris Jenner , and husband , Kanye West . At the event , Jenner lounged back in an airline chair sipping a drink . Meanwhile , Kardashian and West — who are expecting their third child via surrogate — cozied up for some selfies . Kim Kardashian and Kanye West pose for selfies at Chrissy Teigen ’s birthday celebration . Courtesy of Instagram On her Instagram stories , Kardashian showed fans a sneak peak inside the extravagant celebration , which featured pretend airline tickets , oversized airline chairs and servers dolled up in Pan-Am stewardess costumes . Playing hostess , Teigen sported a hot-pink skirt suit . The model , who is pregnant with her second child , added a glamorous vibe to her look with gloves and sleek pointy-toed Christian Louboutin pumps . Kim Kardashian , Bella Hadid and Other Celebrities Rocking the Underwear-as-Outerwear Trend Watch Kim Kardashian Gulp This Horrifying Drink to Avoid an Uncomfortable Question Chrissy Teigen Sizzles in a Very Revealing Little Black Dress With 5-Inch Stilettos	Kim Kardashian Sports Chic White Pumps for Chrissy Teigen ’s Birthday Bash
OTTAWA ( AFP ) - Arctic and major fishing nations , including China , announced Friday that they have agreed to a moratorium on commercial fishing in Arctic waters before a fishery in the icy region is even feasible.The far north is warming at nearly twice the global average rate , causing changes in the size and distribution of fish stocks that may become more attractive to fishers in the medium to long term.Canadian Fisheries Minister Dominic Leblanc said Canada , together with the European Union , China , Denmark -- for Greenland and the Faroe Islands -- Iceland , Japan , South Korea , Norway , Russia and the United States agreed " that no commercial fishing will take place in the high seas portion of the central Arctic Ocean while we gain a better understanding of the area 's ecosystems . " They also agreed that before any fishing takes places , they must establish " appropriate conservation and management measures . " To that end , the parties committed to conducting joint scientific research and monitoring to try to better understand Arctic Ocean ecosystems and whether the region can support commercial fisheries in the future.Karmenu Vella , EU Commissioner for the Environment , Fisheries and Maritime Affairs , called the legally binding agreement " historic . " " It will fill an important gap in the international ocean governance framework and will safeguard fragile marine ecosystems for future generations , " he said.The agreement in principle must still be ratified by all 10 parties.Greenpeace , praising the deal , said the moratorium is expected to endure for at least the next 16 years , covering an area of 2.8 million square kilometers ( one million square miles ) .	Arctic , major fishing nations agree no fishing in Arctic , for now
OPINION : Many years ago I did my initiation on a full moon and began practising – pause for orchestral burst – witchcraft in the English tradition . In all honestly , it was mostly a meditation practice coupled with a keen interest in the life of my plants – so no , I ca n't curse your ex for you ( and please , do n't call me a " Wiccan " ) . Let 's ignore the part where I accidentally stepped on a snail at the time , and instead focus on the fact that the above makes me uniquely qualified to hoot with derision at the recent employment of the term " witch hunt " by those who wish to defend indefensible men . Woody Allen , who married his adopted daughter Soon-Yi and was accused of sexually assaulting his daughter Dylan Farrow , said of the allegations against Harvey Weinstein , " You also do n't want it to lead to a witch hunt atmosphere , a Salem atmosphere , where every guy in an office who winks at a woman is suddenly having to call a lawyer to defend himself . " This week Don Burke , in between blaming Asperger 's for his serial harassment of women , said : " I 'm guessing it 's the social media , the Twittersphere thing . I guess they 've stirred this up , the Harvey Weinstein thing and we 've got a witch hunt . " READ MORE : * Harvey Weinstein : Woody Allen calls him ' sad , sick man ' * Fulll coverage : Harvey Weinstein There are plenty of other examples . US President Donald Trump has long used " witch hunt " as one of his go-to turns of phrase . British conservative MP Sir Roger Gale described the Westminster sexual harassment scandal as a " witch hunt " . Kirstie Alley reckons the mood in Hollywood following allegations against Weinstein and others is a " witch hunt " . Goodness me ! I knew the world hated vaccinations and was scared of " traditional medicine " but I did n't realise we 'd actually collectively travelled back in time to the 18th century ! While the particulars of the various witch trials in the Early Modern period ( not the first widespread witch trials , but certainly the most strident in their moral panic ) differ from country to country , they were an especially toxic combination of religious fervour , socio-political turmoil , class issues , and gender politics . Roughly 40,000 to 60,000 people were executed ( not the " 9 million dead " you may have heard tossed around the drum circle , but still a lot ) . Modern estimates suggest around 75-85 per cent of those accused were female , and there 's no doubt gender played a key role in the fear of witchcraft . But whether the witch trials were mobilised on a platform of explicit misogyny ( a common feminist theory ) is up for debate . The image of the witch as independent pagan healer , apart from the church , murdered for her feminine knowledge , is something of a feminist fairy tale – " The myth of the Burning Times " , as historian Diane Purkiss puts it . This leads to ahistorical claims such as Mary Kate McGrath 's statement in Bustle that men " certainly were n't persecuted during the Salem witch trials " . In fact , many were accused , and four were executed . ( Indeed , there were some countries , like Iceland , where the bulk of the accused were male . ) This is helpful in the context of this discussion , as the type of man ( or , occasionally , woman ) likely to decry the overdue comeuppance of serial harassers and sexual predators as a " witch hunt " is also likely to be the type of clown to call for " balance " in discussion of issues like sexual violence and institutional sexism . Perhaps , then , it would be useful for those types to see exactly what happened to men in a real " witch hunt " . So , here 's a fun quiz ! Test your knowledge : contemporary sexual harassment allegation or witchcraft accusation ? Try your best , it 's pretty hard to pick them ! 1 . Accused of forcing a housekeeper to touch the Devil 's Book , sentenced to death by hanging . 2 . Accused by a number of women of sexual harassment and sexual assault , net worth estimated between $ 240 - $ 300 million . 3 . Found guilty of witchcraft " based on evidence that included his extraordinary feats of strength , such as lifting a musket by inserting his finger into the barrel " , sentenced to death by hanging . 4 . Accused by various coworkers and interviewees of sexual harassment and bullying , net worth estimated at $ 7.2 million . 5 . Accused of being " a dreadful wizard for sense he had been in prison he or his appearance has come and most grievously tormented me " , sentenced to death by pressing . 6 . Accused by various women of sexual harassment and misconduct , net worth $ 400 million . ( ANSWERS : 1 . John Proctor , innkeeper ( witch hunt ) ; 2 . Harvey Weinstein , producer ( harassment allegation ) ; 3 . George Burroughs , pastor ( witch hunt ) ; 4 . Don Burke , TV presenter ( harassment allegation ) ; 5 . Giles Corey , farmer ( witch hunt ) ; 6 . Brett Ratner , producer/director ( harassment allegation . )	Clem Bastow : Witch hunt or harassment allegation ? Test your knowledge
Personalizing our devices has become a culture and inspiration to a lot of us , as more devices and technology is being made available to each of us every day . And what better way to personalize our machines then with beautiful wallpapers?Whether you are a nature lover and enjoy having the Yosemite Valley as your background , or you ’re a fan to the amazing wonders of the universe by NASA , we need visuals to help inspire and guide us on a daily basis.And to help with this , we decided to partner with Zedge , a global community and the most popular mobile personalization app on both Android and iOS.We ’re looking to help provide Zedge ’s community with a beautiful Hygge-themed collection of photos that can make beautiful wallpapers for the winter season.What is Hygge?In Danish , Hygge ( pronounced “ hoo-gah ” ) is associated with acknowledging an emotion or moment of comfort , togetherness , and well-being . Emotions easily associated around Winter time.We want to see your photos that bring forth Hygge , like reading your favorite book in your comfy snowman socks while cuddled up in the living room accompanied by the crackling fireplace , the whistling sounds of winter ’s breeze , or simply being surrounded by the people that make you feel just right.Here ’s some inspiration to get you started : How to contribute to Zedge ’s Curated CollectionYou may submit as many of your ‘ hygge ’ photos as you wish.Submit a photo to Unsplash and check the ‘ Zedge ’ option to indicate you ’d like it to be considered for the collection.All photos must comply with Unsplash ’s Photo Submission Guidelines . All photos on Unsplash are licensed under the Unsplash License which means they can be used for anything for free.All photos must comply with Zedge ’s Community Guidelines and Terms of Service . The two links are andAll photos must be submitted by December 11th , 2017 at 11:59 pm EST.Photo selection : After your photo is submitted to Unsplash , it will be reviewed for approval by the Unsplash Editorial team , based on the guidelines above . The photos that are approved will show up on the Zedge collection page , and updated every 48 hours.The Unsplash Editorial team , with the help of Zedge , will select 10 featured photos from that collection.These 10 photographers will be : Featured in the Unsplash Curated email that gets sent to the Unsplash community.Featured on the Unsplash homepage , which gets viewed more than the cover of the New York Times.Featured on Unsplash ’s Instagram , Facebook and Twitter accounts .	Unsplash partners with Zedge to create a collection around Hygge
By definition , psoriasis is a skin disease that causes skin cells to hyper-produce , building red and dry patches on the surface . The cause is thought to be a combination of genetic variants in the body and lifestyle triggers , like stress and skin injury . But as Scandal star Katie Lowes publically shared , sufferers do n’t just battle physical symptoms , but also a strong social stigma that comes with scaly skin.And she ’s right : As a 2016 Novartis global survey showed , 84 % of people with the autoimmune disease face discrimination and humiliation because of their skin . Combined , the effects are enough to drive a patients like Kim Kardashian to try anything for relief.So far , treatments include biologic injections ( which are expensive and invasive ) and topical creams ( which do n’t always work ) . Still missing from the equation : a cure . As New York City-based dermatologist and Skin Rules author Dr. Debra Jaliman points out , “ Psoriasis is difficult to treat because it is genetic and worsened by stress , as well as cigarette smoking and alcohol consumption . ” Now , sufferers may have another option — and it can be found in your kitchen pantry.We ’re talking about vanillin — the stuff found in baked goods galore and one of the most widely used flavoring products in the world . As Allure reported , preliminary research shows that taking vanillin orally may help provide real relief for suffers . The discovery comes courtesy of a new Taiwanese-based study printed in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry in which mice were given up to 100 mg of vanillin for seven consecutive days . Those who received the maximum daily dose saw an 11 % decrease in thickness and number of cell layers in the epidermis , leading researchers to conclude that the household flavoring is “ an effective bioactive compound against psoriatic skin inflammation . ” What ’s more , the treatment helped regulate a few of the variant genes that contribute to flare ups.Jaliman sees the appeal , noting that the research shows vanillin as “ anti-inflammatory , helping the immune system , working against the inflammation — and is therefore a novel new approach to psoriasis . " What ’s more , she adds , “ It certainly could n't hurt and tastes delicious . ” It ’s does sound like a nice excuse to add vanilla shots to lattes , smoothies , hot toddies — anything . Still , more research is needed before vanillin can be claimed the chief botanical remedy for this complicated disease . In the meantime , Jaliman suggests checking in with your dermatologist for other helpful options . “ Curcumin is effective for psoriasis — this is safe and certainly worth a try , ” she says . “ Fish oil capsules and even fatty fish can be helpful when added to the diet . ” Read these stories next : Why The FTC Is Coming Down On These " Celeb-Endorsed " Skin-Care Ads I Got A Chin Transformation — Here 's What It Looked Like All Your Biggest Skin-Care Concerns — SolvedLike what you see ? How about some more R29 goodness , right here?This Cleanser Does So Much More Than Just Remove Your MakeupHow To Make Your At-Home Facial As Legit As A Pro Version How To Give The Gift Of Better Skin — Without Hurting Anyone 's Feelings	This Household Item May Be The Cure To Psoriasis Flare-Ups
The New York Times could take a lesson from the “ Wolfenstein ” game : You do n’t have to humanize ( virtual ) NazisMatthew Smith2017-12-01T23 : 59:56 Z • 2017-12-01T23:59:56Z • 0 CommentsYou ’ve just arrived in Roswell , N.M. You ’re undercover , disguised as a firefighter , whose mission is to detonate a nuclear bomb ( housed in a dummy fire extinguisher ) in an underground Nazi facility directly below Area 51 . As you walk the streets , you notice two hooded Klan members ( in full KKK attire ) in broad daylight , casually chatting . The KKK run much of the U.S. now that the Nazis are in charge . Off in the distance , a Nazi parade passes . You can hear over a P.A. system : “ Die Bürger of Roswell , be united . Remember our motto : One world . One future . One leader . ” A few minutes later , in a Nazi-American diner , you pull out your gun and start mowing down Nazi officers . This is the beginning of " Wolfenstein 2 : The New Colossus , " a new first-person-shooter video game that puts you in the shoes of a resistance leader fighting back against the Nazi takeover of the United States . And what better way to push back against the normalization of white supremacists and Nazi sympathizers than with a video game that normalizes killing ( virtual ) Nazis ? The “ Wolfenstein ” video game franchise began in 1992 — back when Nazi-killing was n't controversial at all — with “ Wolfenstein 3D , ” developed by iD Software . That 1992 MS-DOS game , along with 1993 's " Doom , " popularized the first-person-shooter genre , in which the player takes the perspective of the character , centering the view around a gun . The 1992 game ( which is now playable in your browser ) puts you in the shoes of Allied spy William " B.J. " Blazkowicz as he escapes a Nazi castle . After his escape , B.J. uncovers the Nazi plot to conscript an undead mutant army . The game concludes with a battle against Adolf Hitler in a robot suit ( more popularly known as “ Mecha-Hitler ” ) wielding four gatling guns.Fast forward from 1992 to 2017 . MachineGames develops “ Wolfenstein 2 : The New Colossus , ” at a tumultuous moment in U.S. history : Tiki torch – wielding far-right rallies , a president who thinks white supremacists have valid grievances , and the rising prominence of far-right fringe figures like Richard Spencer have created a toxic cloud of Nazi-sympathizer stink lingering over America . " Wolfenstein 2 " is an odd mirror on our reality : Set in 1961 , yet in an alternate universe where the Nazis won World War II , “ Wolfenstein 2 ” follows the same protagonist as the first game , B.J. Blazkowicz , as he attempts to undo the Nazi occupation of America . It 's more than just a shooter about a latent rebellion , though . B.J. Blazkowicz symbolizes a number of different American values . He protects a ragtag group of German resisters ( acting under the name of the real-life German resistance group , the Kreisau Circle ) and a Black Panther-esque American resistance group rescued from their hideout in the Empire State Building . These plot points solidify B.J. ’s desire to protect the diverse and multicultural heritage of the United States , despite the fact that in this alternate reality , the nation does n’t exist anymore . Thus , “ Wolfenstein 2 ” is a cathartic outlet for our country 's current crises . The company behind the game also executed the perfect marketing scheme for its brutally violent Nazi-killing simulator . Witness this marketing video depicting a Nazi being punched in-game , accompanied by the text “ There is only one side . ” Does this remind you of current events ? Another tweet from the game makers directly calls out the presidency — this one features the text “ Make America Nazi-Free Again " running over the video . Beyond " Wolfenstein ’s " Twitter leaning into current-day political issues , there 's also marketing materials like this irreverent trailer , in which Wayne Newton ’s lounge classic “ Danke Schoen ” plays in the background of a bloody montage of shooting , disintegrating and mutilating Nazis . What does it mean when , in 2017 , a video game has a stronger condemnation of Nazis than the U.S. president?Hidden within the game are explicit digs at contemporary alt-right and white supremacist leaders . An in-game newspaper ( which you can find as a collectible ) headline reads “ Meet The Dapper Young KKK Leader With A Message Of Hope . ” Shrewd commentators have noticed that this is almost certainly a dig on Richard Spencer , as it seems to reference an October 2016 Mother Jones article headlined , “ Meet The Dapper White Nationalist Who Wins Even If Trump Loses . ” In a Rolling Stone interview with Pete Hines , vice president of marketing at Bethesda Softworks ( distributor for “ Wolfenstein 2 ” ) , Hines states : Nazis are bad , and in Wolf II you get to kick their asses and it ’s fun . There are actual Nazis marching openly on the streets of The United States of America in 2017 . BJ would not be OK with that – we are not ok with that -- and the marketing reflects that attitude . When you have an opportunity to take a public stand against Nazis emerging in America , that ’s an opportunity that should n’t be passed up.Interestingly , Hines also says that the game was not intended to be a direct commentary on today ’s political climate ; perhaps that was a calculated political statement on his part . Still , the game is screamingly relevant , and its marketing tactics are unique for an industry that tries to play it safe ( at least overtly ) when it comes to politics . For instance , the original announcement trailer for Ubisoft ’s unreleased game “ Far Cry 5 " stirred up controversy when viewers noticed how its antagonists — a cult in the heartland of Montana — resembled real-life Christian extremists . The gaming community has a reputation for harboring far-right sentiment ( see : Gamergate ) ; hence , this plot point stirred controversy . Some fans called for " Far Cry 5 " to be canceled , claiming they were – as Americans – being insulted . Game maker Ubisoft could have doubled-down on the obvious – but supposedly coincidental – parallels to real-life politics ; indeed , calling out the antagonistic , bigoted qualities of Christian extremists seems pretty uncontroversial.But Ubisoft instead took the easy way , denying any direct correlation between current events and its game . Avoiding this easy opening to take a stand — despite having such a politically charged basis for a game — is frustrating in an industry that is known for being infected with sexist , even regressive cultural politics . Which is what makes " Wolfenstein 2 " so unique among video games . And while the game has a fairly normalized , surface-level machismo , in the case of the genre and subject matter , “ Wolfenstein 2 ” seems justified in this regard . Yes , “ Wolfenstein ” as a series epitomizes the type of jingoism that many first-person shooters adversely portray . But it has a right to do so . To the question “ Should we punch Nazis ? ” “ Wolfenstein 's ” answer is : Yes , because f**k Nazis . Lately , there 's been a creepy trend of media outlets attempting to humanize Nazis and white supremacists ; this was evident in the recent brouhaha over a New York Times profile of an avowed white nationalist , which took pains to describe said white nationalist 's love of " Seinfeld " and paint a loving portrait of how he " sauté [ ed ] minced garlic with chili flakes . " But " Wolfenstein " takes the opposite tack : no humanization here . Just good ol' fashioned Nazi-killing . Maybe the New York Times should take a page from " Wolfenstein 's " book . Matthew SmithMatthew Smith is an associate video producer at Salon . He has an unhealthy obsession with Mickey Mouse and video games , and regularly tweets about both .	The antidote to “ Nazi next door ” profiles
This sweet Echo Park house is n’t exactly turn-key , but with a little paint and elbow grease , it could make somebody a fabulous home . Sixty steps lead up to the house from Sunset Boulevard . Tucked away from that busy street , the roughly 7,000 square foot lot is a little hideaway steps away from the main drag and all its attractions . Beyond its little front porch , this 915-square-foot house holds two boldly colored bedrooms , a window-filled front room , a “ bonus office , ” and an ample , open kitchen with a bar seating . There ’s also a guest studio space with outdoor shower . The backyard is very much a blank slate , but it offers some great shade and clear views of those lovely Echo Park hillsides . 1264 Sunset Boulevard [ Kenya Reeves-Costa ]	Turn-of-the-century Echo Park cottage with potential seeks $ 800K
PALISADES , N.Y. ( CBSNewYork ) – Many are still shaken from a 4.1 earthquake that was felt along the East Coast on Thursday . As CBS2 ’s Vanessa Murdock reported , while seismic activity does n’t happen often in this region , it is n’t as unusual as you might think . Surveillance video shed light on the shaking caused by Thursday ’s earthquake centered near Dover , Delaware . “ I saw the fence right in front of us shake , ” one man said . “ It was very brief , but it was very intense , ” a woman added . The earth moved hundreds of miles away . “ I was surprised that people felt it this far north , ” said one man . The seismograph at Lamont Doughtery Earth Observatory , just north of the city , came to life around 4:48 p.m. Seismologist Won-Young Kim says earthquakes happening here are nothing new . He showed Murdock a map of three fault lines that run right through Manhattan – one at 125th Street . “ That ’s a major break , ” he said . There ’s one at Dykman Street and one that runs through Midtown and Gramercy . Thankfully , they ’re all considered inactive . However , you might recall back in 2001 , a quake measuring 2.6 on the Richter scale centered near Long Island City woke folks from their slumber . “ The ground jumped . It gave a good bolt , ” one man said . In 1985 , a 4.0 magnitude quake was centered in Ardsley , Westchester County . Sarah Buff of Harlem , remembers it well . “ My mom was like kind of hysterical , ” she said . In 1884 , a 5.0 quake struck Far Rockaway . What about something stronger ? “ I do wonder , yes , ” said one woman . Like a quake similar to the 8.2 that devastated parts of southern Mexico in September . “ I think it would be devastating , ” another woman said . Kim ’s colleague , Heather Savage , said it ’s highly unlikely we ’ll experience anything like that , because of where we sit on the North American tectonic plate . “ You see the plate boundary is out in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean , ” she explained . It ’s called the Mid-Atlantic Ridge . On the West Coast , it ’s the San Andreas Fault , where ‘ the big one ’ is much more likely to occur . But something smaller could happen anytime . Experts can not predict earthquakes .	Delaware Earthquake That Shook Northeast Uncommon But Not Unprecedented
China has made a tremendous contribution to the development of the world 's economy , while the Belt and Road Initiative provides a stage for cooperation for the international community , said Farkhad Kuanganov , a senior official from Kazakhstan 's leading party.Kuanganov , secretary of the " Nur Otan " Democratic People 's Party , the largest party in Kazakhstan , hailed the success of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and expressed the willingness of the Kazakhstan party to participate in China 's ambitious initiative at the 2nd China-Central Asia Political Party Forum on Friday in Beijing.It was held in conjunction with the CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-Level Meeting . Over 60 delegates from parties in five Central Asian countries - Kazakhstan , Uzbekistan , Tajikistan , Kyrgyzstan and Turkmenistan - were at the forum.Song Tao , head of the International Department of the CPC Central Committee , said the party is willing to have a close connection with parties of the Central Asian countries in political policies and people-to-people exchanges.Song invited parties from Central Asian countries to actively push the Belt and Road Initiative and together build a community of a shared destiny . " The Belt and Road Initiative is a flower garden shared by all countries , and it is also a symphony that all parties participate in , " he said.Kuanganov said China unveiled the plan of future development in a new era at the 19th CPC National Congress , which attracted great attention in Kazakhstan.The initiative plays an active role not only for Central Asian countries , but for the world 's economy as well , Kuanganov said . " What China does provides a stable platform with mutual trust and noninterference to the world . " Ranokhon Bobojoniyon from Tajikistan said the Belt and Road Initiative is an example of how the CPC and Chinese government participate in the economic and social development of the world without interfering in the internal affairs of other countries.As vice-chairman of People 's Democratic Party of Tajikistan , Bobojoniyon said the CPC has done a lot for the development of society and global governance , and the development plan formulated by the CPC benefits China while promoting international cooperation.Torobai Zulpukarov , vice-chairman of the parliament of the Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan , said the CPC has rich experience in governance of both the Party and the country , from which Kyrgyzstan 's parties can learn . He said China has developed rapidly in the past few years , and has become the second-largest economy in the world thanks to contributions of the CPC.Zulpukarov said the Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan has great interest in the success of the anti-corruption campaign led by the CPC . " We have communicated with the CPC and learned a lot from China 's large-scale anti-corruption campaign , " Zulpukarov said . " We established the aim of ensuring the transparency of our government sectors and their efficiency with help from China and some multilateral organizations like the Shanghai Cooperation Organization and the Silk Road Fund . "renqi@chinadaily.com . cn	Central Asian group praises achievements of CPC
By Atul Mehta , IFC Director of TMT , Venture Capital and Funds Department , and Morgan Landy , IFC Director of Environmental , Social and Governance DepartmentThere is increasing evidence that companies with strong environmental and social practices perform better financially . Cambridge Associates found that sustainability makes an even stronger contribution to the performance and competitiveness of companies in emerging markets than those in developed markets . This is likely due to weaker regulation in emerging markets : companies that do more than what is required by law set themselves apart from the competition.We ’ve seen it in IFC ’s own portfolio . Companies with strong environmental , social and governance ( ESG ) scores tend to outperform other client companies on return on equity and return on assets . IFC clients with high ESG scores outperformed the MSCI Emerging Market Index , whereas a deterioration in ESG performance resulted in worse financial performance in the range of three to eight per cent . The same holds true for IFC ’s investments in private equity funds.IFC is sharing these data and experience to help our clients develop and implement high standards that can benefit their business.In early October , IFC ’s CEO , Philippe Le Houerou , wrote about IFC ’s work with financial institutions and the evolution of our approach , as we seek to create a more responsible banking system and boost financial inclusion globally . IFC has also enhanced its approach to working with private equity funds.The key components of our approach include dividing private equity funds into categories based on risk and implementing appropriate risk management ; reducing our investments in high risk funds ; and increasing disclosure of projects our client funds invest in.We divide private equity funds into three categories — high , medium , and low-risk — based on their prospective investee companies ’ activities . We then work with fund managers to implement tools that assess and manage these risks throughout the investment ’s lifecycle.Most funds invest in companies and sectors that expose them to limited risks ( mainly labor ) , but a few face considerably higher risk . We ensure that our clients are aware of the risks they will likely face and that they either build necessary expertise in-house to manage it or that they know where to find the expertise to help them appraise higher-risk projects ahead of an investment.IFC also provides this type of support to our clients and , on occasion , we co-invest and directly assess risks and ensure appropriate safeguards.For high-risk funds , such as those investing in infrastructure or agribusiness , we take a highly selective and individualized approach to design tailor-made E&amp;S risk management.For medium-risk funds , such as generalist growth equity funds , we require fund managers to have a functioning E&amp;S Management System and in-house capacity to assess the E&amp;S risks of investee companies and address any identified gaps . IFC reviews the E&amp;S due diligence conducted by the fund for the initial investments to verify in-house risk management capacity . IFC also reviews all high-risk ( i.e. Category A ) investments in the pool.For low-risk funds , such as Venture Capital funds , we have developed a sample screening process to check the funds ’ investments against relevant national laws and requirements , and key risks — typically those related to labour and working conditionsSupervision of our investments in funds is a critical component of our continued engagement . IFC ’s E&amp;S specialists conduct regular supervision visits of a sample of fund portfolio companies to assess E&amp;S risks and provide support to fund managers . We focus more of our attention on high and medium risk funds.IFC also offers regular E&amp;S risk management training around the world . Over the past two years , IFC has provided advanced E&amp;S training to over 100 fund managers in Asia , the Middle East , Africa and Latin America . This has resulted in better understanding and implementation of IFC ’s E&amp;S requirements by our fund managers.In addition to these initiatives , IFC has strengthened its reporting . We publish the name , sector and location of every investment of our funds ’ portfolio companies . In 2017 , IFC fulfilled 100 percent of this requirement for the 63 fund investments initiated since 2012 , and published information on more than 387 funds ’ portfolio companies.The process , while robust , does not mean that we and/or our clients will never face challenges with our investments in this space . But it does mean that we significantly reduce the risk of such incidents and that we are better prepared to deal with them when they arise.It is challenging work . We believe that our new approach helps IFC and our clients identify and reduce risks early in the investment process and better prepares us to address new risks that may arise throughout the investment lifecycle.Photo credit : Anna Koblanck/IFC	Sustainable Practices for Private Equity Funds Business
Singapore-based television content distribution company , Silver Wolf international has announced a distribution and production partnership with Indonesia ’s HJ Productions . HJ specializes in a wide range of genres such as documentaries , dramas , feature films , and music videos . HJ Director Allo Geafary said , “ As a distribution company with a strong international presence , we are certain that by partnering we will be able to reach a more global audience . ” Separately , Silver Wolf has been appointed as the Asian distributor for drama series produced by Kazakhstan ’s Khabar Agency . With content ranging from news and documentaries to dramas , feature films , sports , music and general entertainment programs , Khabar is one of the largest media houses in Kazakhstan . Khabar vice chairman , Rinat Kertayev said , “ Silver Wolf International proved to be an honest , responsible and professional player in the TV market . We share similar values . ” Silver Wolf chief executive , Abdul Rashid Budin said , “ We are eager to represent such great quality content from Kazakhstan and be the company that shares it among the Asian region . ” Both deals were announced at the Asi TV Forum , part of the Singapore Media Festival .	ATF : Silver Wolf Announces Deals With Indonesia ’s HJ and Kazakstan ’s Khabar
At dialogue of world 's parties , president vows CPC will help safeguard global peace , stabilityXi Jinping , general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee , walks into the meeting room on Friday with delegates who are in Beijing to attend the CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-Level Meeting . The meeting is the first multilateral diplomatic event hosted by China after the CPC 's 19th National Congress in October . XU JINGXING/CHINA DAILYXi Jinping , general secretary of the CPC Central Committee , called on political parties worldwide on Friday to make joint efforts to build a community of shared future for mankind as the Communist Party of China , the world 's largest political party with 89 million members , held the first high-level dialogue with world political parties in Beijing.Xi , also president , made the remarks in his keynote speech at the opening ceremony of the CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-Level Meeting at the Great Hall of the People.Xi pledged that the CPC will continue to make contributions to safeguarding global peace and stability , pursuing happiness for people around the world , and boosting cultural exchanges among different civilizations.Xi 's speech , lasting about half an hour , drew applause nearly 20 times from the around 600 delegates . The meeting is the first multilateral diplomatic event hosted by China after the CPC 's 19th National Congress in October.The CPC will provide exchange opportunities for 15,000 people from political parties around the world in the next five years , Xi said , while proposing to establish such a meeting as a fixed political mechanism with wide influence.The concept of building a community of shared future for mankind , raised by Xi in 2013 , has been translated into real actions with such moves as jointly building the Belt and Road , Xi said.Noting that China has offered much assistance and beneficiary loans for developing nations in recent decades , Xi said that since its establishment in 1921 , the CPC has been striving not only for the happiness of Chinese people , but also for the happiness of people all over the world.In his speech , Xi proposed to build a prosperous world that is far from poverty , open and inclusive , and clean and beautiful.China will continue to create more opportunities for the world through pushing forward its economic development , Xi said , adding that China has contributed to more than 30 percent of global economic growth in the past five years.China will neither import foreign countries ' development modes nor export its own mode to other nations , Xi said.He also expressed gratitude for the congratulatory messages sent by the political parties worldwide on the success of the CPC 's 19th National Congress and his re-election as the general secretary of the CPC Central Committee in October.The three-day meeting , which will focus on the responsibilities of political parties in building a community of shared future and a better world , is attended by leaders from over 300 parties and political organizations in more than 120 countries.Marko Duric , vice-president of the Serbian Progressive Party and also director of the Kosovo Affairs Office of Serbia , said China is taking a more significant role in international affairs , so the ideas behind the success of China should be learned . " The success we have seen in China in recent years has shown us that socialism with Chinese characteristics is giving results , " he said while explaining why he would like to read the newly published second volume of Xi Jinping : The Governance of China.Vojtech Filip , president of the Communist Party of Bohemia and Moravia , and also speaker of the Czech Parliament , said the CPC 's 19th National Congress provided new chances to show the world how to solve problems.Arvind Kumar Shrivastava , a delegate from the Communist Party of India , said the meeting provided a " lifetime opportunity " for him to learn from the experiences of the Communist Party of China . " China is transforming to a very powerful and prosperous country , " he said , adding that the meeting is helpful for his party as well as his country.Shrivastava said he had been to some villages in Guizhou province recently and was deeply impressed by the poverty reduction achievements in the remote mountainous region . " We have seen how the villages are prosperous under the leadership of the CPC and how the poverty-alleviation program has been carried out successfully , " he said.Xi Jinping , general secretary of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) Central Committee , delivers a speech at the opening ceremony of CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties High-Level Meeting in Beijing , Dec 1 , 2017 . [ Photo/Xinhua ]	Xi : Joint efforts key to shared future
The moment is now . It ’s a powerful time . If we open ourselves to the moment , our opportunities are endless . I was n’t aware of this until it was almost too late . Thankfully , new moments always present themselves.All my life until recently , my happiest moments were when I was looking forward to something . In fact , looking forward to an event was almost an addiction . I was never living in the moment ; I was living in the moment before . I would look forward to going to the theater . I would look forward to a special dinner . I would look forward to a vacation . I would look forward to the kiss . It was always that time before the event that made me happiest.The very next moment after , I would be asking myself if I was enjoying myself because I would be wondering if I was truly having a good time and then worrying about the fact that I was n’t . Certainly not a very good way to live one ’s life . Rather than looking to the future for a time when I might enjoy something that I was n’t enjoying in the present , I should have been in the current moment enjoying everything it could have offered me.Why did I wait for a birthday or another special occasion to celebrate ? I should have appreciated things like the aroma of the pie baking in the oven and the sound of my children laughing . These were the many moments worth my attention . Why was I not enjoying every breath I took and every moment of my life when it was happening ? Without my expectations for the future , I could have allowed myself to open up to what was unfolding in the moment and fully experienced my life.I ’ve learned that happiness is not a future event circled on the calendar.Happiness is a state of being , the peace and joy in the moment . And the current moment is all there is . Become mindful in the moment , not in some expectation for the future . The only time that is real is the current moment . When you ’re mindful in the moment , you will be enjoying what is already around you and inside you . This is the opportunity you ’ve been given to experience life to the fullest . I hope you will give this some thought and not wait as long as I did to live mindfully.The present is the only time that ’s real . The past is a memory . The future is an expectation .	Fall in Love with the Moment
Chaotics , an essay by Oana Avasilichioaei , is part of Chaos &amp; Control , a special series of new original writing by the 2017 Governor General 's Literary Award winners . Avasilichioaei won the translation category for Readopolis , which she translated from the French novel Lectodôme by Bertrand Laverdure.Er — ratic — Intimate — Linguistic gesture — A small language act — Endeavour not entirely aleatory but — Targeted in a complex fluctuating system that is unpredictable and resonant — At first a small ripple forms , wells up into a swell , gathers force with the tide , picks up wind and momentum — Halfway across the globe , in another time , in another history , Edward N. Lorenz forages weather into a metaphor that dramatically alters the course of 20th century scientific thinking — A butterfly flaps its wings into the eventual complex causality of chaos theory , which undulates across fields as diverse as meteorology , physics , mathematics , philosophy , economics , ecology , biology , so why not language — In one way , the idea is simple : complex systems are exceedingly sensitive " to initial conditions , to circular feedback , and to interactions with other complex systems " ( Saltzstein ) so that an infinitesimal change in the initial variables will produce drastically varied outcomes over time — In another way , the idea is intricate and its impact , vast : the system is deterministic at the micro level in that one element will cause another element , yet unpredictable at the macro level since all the elements or component parts react to and feed back into a complex network of relationships that interact within a complex network of systems — To apply chaos theory to language and therefore see language as a complex dynamic system that is intrinsically unstable , constantly evolving ( for instance , the sense of " chaos " shifts from " gaping void " to " utter confusion " to " unpredictable behaviour " ) , profoundly interactive , and resolutely relational is to realize the potentially dramatic reverberations of small yet purposeful language articulations within this dynamic , creative environment — A voice introduces a small language gesture — a phrase , a few words , a line — into the macrocosm , a gesture that touches another voice , inspires another mind to another small language gesture , which then prompts yet another mind into another language gesture , and so on and so on ; the impact might be almost imperceptible at first : a small ripple , a tiny change in thought , a bare blip in the mind 's flow , but this ripple can eventually , interactively , from person to person , become a tidal wave — This is slow , microscopic language action , action at the molecular level of thought as language does its quiet but relentless work morpheme by morpheme , word by word , segment by segment ; this is not language as slogan repeated ad infinitum in the grandstand of advertising , propaganda , cant , indoctrination , marketing ; this is not language in the big theatres of coercion and manipulation , language meant to control , sway , and master subjective thinking , language meant to bulldoze idiolects , but rather language as spark and instigator , language as imaginative , unruly , unpredictable and restless stimulus — In the logic of nonlinear causality , the whole is not equal to the sum of its parts since multiple causes interact to create an effect and the effect feeds back into the system to affect other causes , which is akin to how audio feedback works wherein a signal received by a microphone is amplified and transmitted by a speaker , then picked up again by the microphone , amplified further , and transmitted again by the speaker and so on and so on , all the while shaping the frequency of the resulting sound along with the many other factors that shape it such as the acoustics of the space and distance between the elements , which can be metaphorically extrapolated to how language gestures may work wherein — A linguistic butterfly flaps its wings creating a small ripple in the " collective context " that is language , and just as " small actions in a collective context can produce systemic changes " ( MacKinnon ) , this ripple travels , imperceptibly at first , almost invisible , perhaps across the city , across borders , across syntaxes , across oceans , circling back again , gets tossed about by other ripples , inflected by other tongues , minds , gestures , transforming , changing , evolving perhaps very slowly , at a snail 's pace , over hours , over months , over decades , until it amplifies collectively into a roar , perhaps erratic , perhaps an uprising of thought and language , which are forever inextricably bound and forever remain profoundly intimate and public , dialogic and reverberatory all at once — Some sources consulted : MacKinnon , C. ( 2017 ) . Butterfly Politics , Cambridge and London . The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press.Saltzstein , P. ( 2016 ) . Chaos &amp; An Unpredictable Tomorrow . Philosophy Now , 14 . https://philosophynow.org/issues/114/Chaos_and_An_Unpredictable_Tomorrow.Scott , A. C. ( 2007 ) . The Nonlinear Universe : Chaos , Emergence , Life , Berlin and New York . Springer.About Oana AvasilichioaeiOana Avasilichioaei won the 2017 Governor General 's Literary Award for translation for the book Readopolis , originally written in French by Bertrand Laverdure . The novel follows a disillusioned young man named Ghislain , who reads manuscripts at a Montreal publishing house . Depressed about the state of literary arts , Ghislain creates a strange city to spend time in.Avasilichioaei is a translator , author and multidisciplinary artist . Her books include We , Beasts and Limbinal.Each year , CBC Books partners with the Canada Council for the Arts to present a special series of new original writing by the winners of the Governor General 's Literary Awards . This year , the award-winning writers were asked to reflect on the theme of Chaos &amp; Control . Read the rest of the series :	An essay by the 2017 Governor General 's Literary Award winner for translation
One of the biggest deficiencies that we see in many sales forces is a lack of alignment among corporate goals , sales objectives , and sales force behaviors . The three are frequently allowed to operate independently with the tacit ( and often faulty ) assumption that they are all in alignment and working toward a common end . At no time of the year is this independence more pronounced than in fiscal Q4 , when senior executives , sales leaders , and salespeople are busy with their own respective tasks.In Search of Organizational AlignmentIn the final few months of the year , different teams within organizations are all busy trying to manage a flurry of separate tasks that must be completed before the year ’s end . As the new year approaches , there will undoubtedly be fresh plans , budgets , and targets for everyone . But will these pieces be integrated and aligned ? Will the top , middle , and bottom layers of the organization really perform as one?Engineering SuccessOne of the keys to aligning an organization from top to bottom is to align the metrics that each level uses to measure success . If you follow Vantage Point ’s research , you know we contend that there are three distinct levels of metrics that can ( and should ) be used to measure and manage a sales force.First , there are business results such as revenue , market share , or customer satisfaction that are viewed at the company level and used to report the overall health of the organization . Second , there are sales objectives — metrics such as customer retention , new product sales , deal win rates , and other benchmarks that constitute the sales force ’s success at achieving specific goals . And finally , there are sales activities . These are measures such as the volume of sales calls made , number of customers assigned to each seller , percentage of salespeople using CRM tools , or the amount of training provided to the sales force . These are the activities sales managers and salespeople actually do to fulfill business objectives and attain business results . Establishing formal linkages among business results , sales objectives , and sales activities is the key to ensuring focused execution in the field that will lead directly to the achievement of the company ’s overall goals . Align these metrics , and your company ’s sales force will be on the path to success.To read the complete article , Using Your Annual Planning Process to Ensure Great Sales Results in 2018 , visit Quotable.com .	Using Your Annual Planning Process to Ensure Great Sales Results in 2018
Coming into 2017 , Costco Wholesale ( NASDAQ : COST ) investors were looking for hints that the warehouse retailer would update its business model to adapt to online competitors like Amazon.com ( NASDAQ : AMZN ) . Prior to this year , Costco had made modest changes to make e-commerce a bigger part of its business , but overall , the company is relying on its traditional strategy of opening new stores , adding members , and growing comparable sales . Indeed , that strategy is still working , but investors are skeptical about the company 's future . As a result , Costco 's shares have increased 10.3 % , but that has underperformed both the S&amp;P 500 and closest rivals Amazon and Wal-Mart ( NYSE : WMT ) , both of which have surged this year , as the chart below shows . Let 's take a look back at Costco 's year that was and see what investors can expect in 2018 . Bucking the retail apocalypse While much of the retail sector has floundered this year , Costco has been able to post strong comparable sales growth as its unique membership model and rock-bottom prices give it a cushion from the changing consumer habits that are buffeting many of its peers . In the fiscal year ended Sept. 3 , Costco reported global comparable sales growth of 3.8 % and 5.7 % for the last quarter , not including changes in gas prices and foreign exchange . In the eight weeks since then , comparable sales have increased 6 % . Thanks in part to a membership hike earlier in the year , earnings per share in the fourth quarter increased from $ 1.77 to $ 2.08 . However , even though the company beat earnings estimates , the stock still sold off 6 % after the report as gross margin fell slightly . Costco said membership renewal rates also declined a bit , though management blamed that on a switch in its credit card provider . Still , concerns persisted that Amazon , especially after its acquisition of Whole Foods in June , was sapping away Costco 's lifeblood-membership growth . CFO Richard Galanti told analysts that the best thing Costco could do was just execute . Notably , Costco 's worst day of the year came on June 16 , when the stock dropped 8 % on the news that Amazon would acquire Whole Foods . The e-commerce battle After Galanti told analysts last year that the company wanted to make every effort to bring customers into the store , Costco is finally making efforts to step up its e-commerce game , seeing strong growth in segments like appliances , apparel , and nonperishable foods . In October , the company launched Costco Grocery , a two-day delivery program for nonperishable foods and sundries free with orders of $ 75 or more , and a separate service to offer same-day delivery on both fresh and dry goods through Instacart at 376 domestic locations . Those efforts are paying off as e-commerce growth is accelerating . Though it grew just 13 % for the fiscal year , the figure was up 21 % in the fourth quarter and 32 % for the first eight weeks of fiscal 2018 . Still , that growth is coming off such a small base that it will need to continue to accelerate in order for Costco to becoming a significant e-commerce competitor . At Wal-Mart by comparison , U.S. e-commerce sales increased 50 % in its most recent quarter . Meanwhile , investors continue to worry about the growing number of Amazon Prime members , which is now in direct competition with Costco following the Whole Foods acquisition . Amazon has even promised to give Prime members discounts at Whole Foods . Looking ahead to 2018 , Costco 's initiatives and growth in e-commerce should be a key determinant for the stock 's success . While its brick-and-mortar sales remain strong , the Amazon threat is only getting bigger . With the stock up 10 % this year , 2017 is n't totally a lost year , but like Wal-Mart , Costco needs to transition into its next phase as a retailer if the stock is to continue to thrive .	Why 2017 Was a Year to Forget for Costco Wholesale Corporation
Prosecutors in the Netherlands say an autopsy on a former Croatian general who died after swallowing a liquid at a war crimes hearing showed he had cyanide in his system . The Hague public prosecutor 's office said in a statement Friday night that preliminary results from a toxicological test revealed " a concentration of potassium cyanide " in Slobodan Praljak 's blood . The cyanide caused heart failure that the statement described as the 72-year-old Praljak 's " suspected cause of death . " Bottle that Croatian war criminal drank from in court before dying contained ' chemical substance , ' tests show Praljak drank from a small bottle seconds after an appeals judge at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia confirmed his 20-year sentence for crimes during the 1992-95 Bosnian war . Two Croatian experts observed the autopsy at the tribunal 's request . UN orders review Meanwhile , the United Nations tribunal ordered an independent review of its " internal operations " following the dramatic event in its courtroom . The tribunal said its review was meant to complement the ongoing investigation of Praljak 's death by Dutch prosecutors . The announcement came after Croatia 's justice minister raised doubts about whether security and medical staff at the tribunal responded quickly enough when Praljak raised the bottle to his lips with a trembling right hand and consumed its contents . Before the toxicological test results came back , Dutch prosecutors had confirmed the bottle carried a toxic chemical . It remains unclear how Praljak , who was in custody before the hearing , obtained the substance and managed to smuggle it into the courtroom . Former Bosnian war veteran drinks apparent poison at his criminal trial0 : 28 Cyanide is a fast-acting chemical that can be deadly in different forms . Cyanide gas is considered the most harmful , but swallowing cyanide can also be lethal . Potassium cyanide , found in Praljak 's blood , is a white powder that can have a bitter , almond-like odour . Cyanide kills by preventing the cells of the body from using oxygen , and is particularly harmful to the heart and brain , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The tribunal 's review will begin next week and be led by Hassan Jallow , a former prosecutor with the UN 's Rwanda war crimes tribunal . It aims to file a report by Dec. 31 , when the tribunal formally closes its doors , having completed all its cases . The court said Jallow " is mandated to undertake an assessment of relevant existing procedures as well as make any recommendations which may assist other courts in the future . "	Autopsy finds cyanide in body of Croatian war criminal who told lawyer he drank poison in court
Last year , $ 41 billion were given to America ’s universities . Donors fund higher education for many reasons , but most are rooted in the notion that universities are agents of social change . This practice started in Rhode Island , well before the Gilded Age philanthropists endowed universities and libraries.Nicholas Brown II was born in 1769 , son and namesake of the eldest of the famous “ Four Brown Brothers . ” His childhood and adolescence were marked by anxiety . Before age 18 , he had lost his mother and nine of ten siblings ; his family ’s maritime business was almost ruined by the blockade of Narragansett Bay during the Revolution . At ten , a very homesick Nicholas was sent to boarding school , then at 13 to a derelict College of Rhode Island ( which his family had brought to Providence ) . He graduated in 1786 just as merchants were swept out of power by a “ Country Party ” who introduced paper money , which led to terrible inflation . Nicholas ’s first job was to face farmers rioting at a family store in Grafton , Massachusetts . The Browns were teetering on the edge of bankruptcy , with huge debts from ill-advised purchases in England and a major investment in insolvent war bonds . Meanwhile , his two uncles , John and Moses , fought publicly about the slave trade.Then in 1791 , Nicholas Sr. died , leaving this mess to his 22-year old son and his daughter Hope.Fortunately , Hope fell in love with father ’s remarkable apprentice , Thomas Poynton Ives . Thus , Nicholas acquired an invaluable partner and brother-in-law . In a second stroke of luck , Alexander Hamilton ’s federal assumption plan for state war debt meant the family ’s war bonds were suddenly worth an enormous sum.Brown &amp; Ives had two choices : the China trade , pioneered by Uncle John , or textile manufacturing , pioneered by Uncle Moses . They chose the China ( tea ) and Java ( coffee ) trades , as well as banking , turnpikes , canals and later railroads . But they were also inspired by Uncle Moses ’s social conscience ; Nicholas became Vice President of the Providence Abolition Society and supported many Freed Blacks and their causes . He gave to the College of Rhode Island ( renamed Brown University following his $ 5,000 donation in 1804 ) , to the Baptist and other churches , and to missionary and Bible societies - typical early 19th century charity when America ’s new middle class believed social ills could be “ redeemed ” by Sunday schools , temperance and hard work.But by the 1820s , an industrial economy and bustling cities had replaced the orderly , rural colonial economy . The population was on the move , streaming out West while immigrants poured across the Atlantic . Politics became bitterly partisan . Andrew Jackson increased import duties , which boosted Rhode Island ’s factories but proved devastating for maritime commerce . Along with growing numbers of dispossessed factory workers and immigrants , social tensions increased . The era was marked with constant unrest : in Providence , the 1826 Hardscrabble Riot and the 1831 Olney Lane riot were both racially motivated . Worse , Nicholas ’s two sons refused to follow dutifully in their father ’s business footsteps.So he turned to the one institution he could still influence : the college that bore his name . Brown was going through a difficult time . Its president had lost all authority due to a religious controversy . Nicholas brought in Francis Wayland , whose iron rule lasted 28 years . He poured money into new buildings , a library , and scientific equipment . But he insisted on a classical curriculum rather than newly fashionable “ practical courses , ” because he believed liberal arts would produce educated men imbued with social responsibility.Nicholas recognized it was unrealistic for Americans to give up private interests for public good . Rather they needed a moral compass , a set of values to guide them through the era ’s stormy seas . And Brown University would provide that compass.Such a vision was unprecedented . Until then , no one had considered a university so emphatically as an agent of social change nor given so much money to a university in their lifetime , to train the leaders of tomorrow ( not just colonial ministers and lawyers ) . Today , college applicants are often asked “ How will you change the world ? ” That question was first posed here in Rhode Island .	Another Rhode Island First
Signet Jewelers is under scrutiny by federal and state agencies over its financing and credit practices . In a report filed with the SEC on Friday , the jeweler said the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 's Office of Enforcement is considering recommending that the bureau take legal action against it . According to Signet ( SIG ) , the CFPB is looking at its in-store credit practices , promotions and payment protection products . The filing said the enforcement office thinks Signet may have violated a federal law that bars companies from " unfair , deceptive , or abusive act or practice " when offering consumers a financial product or service . Signet , which owns Kay Jewelers , Zales and Jared The Galleria Of Jewelry , offers customers financing options through company credit cards . In addition , Signet said the New York Attorney General 's Office " is investigating similar issues . " The AG 's office told CNNMoney it is investigating the company 's financing practices . Signet said it believes it has acted lawfully , adding " Signet has been cooperating with both regulators and maintains its belief that the CFPB and NYAG 's potential claims lack merit . " The company said last month that revenue fell $ 30 million during the most recent quarter . It also warned that profit heading into next year will be light . Hurricanes and weak sales on engagement and wedding rings led to a " challenging " quarter , CEO Virginia Drosos said . Correction : An earlier version of this article incorrectly said the CFPB 's enforcement office had recommended action against Signet . In fact , it is considering a recommendation . First published December 1 , 2017 : 8:24 PM ET	Signet Jewelers is under scrutiny for its financing and credit practices
Los Angeles ( AFP ) - The race to bring Shohei Ohtani to Major League Baseball is officially on after MLB owners ratified the new posting system for Japanese players on Friday.Ohtani , the 23-year-old Nippon Ham Fighters star dubbed the " Babe Ruth of Japan " is regarded as one of the hottest properties in baseball -- a two-way threat with a fastball clocked at 100 mph ( 160.93 Km/h ) and an explosive presence at the plate.He has an array of interested suitors in Major League Baseball , but his move to America was on hold as a new posting system , by which Japanese clubs are compensated for the stars they lose to the States , was hammered out.Now that he can be formally posted -- with a release fee of $ 20 million , Ohtani has three weeks , until December 22 -- to sign with a major league club.Although his 2017 season in Japan was hampered by an ankle injury , in 2016 he put up dazzling numbers , with a 10-4 record and a 1.86 ERA in 140 innnings.At the plate he hit .322 and clubbed 22 home runs.Just where he might end up has been a subject of much speculation.According to US reports , the Texas Rangers , New York Yankees , Los Angeles Dodgers , Chicago Cubs and Seattle Mariners are among the teams expected to contend for his services.Any team that signs him will be limited to the amount it has available in its international bonus pool , with the Rangers , Yankees and Minnesota Twins the teams with the most funds available.Ohtani 's posting will be governed by the terms of the 2013 posting protocol , which was extended earlier this month as MLB nd Nippon Professional Baseball worked on their new system.The new protocol will cover all player transfers between Japan and MLB starting on November 1 , 2018 . For major league contracts with a total guaranteed value of $ 25 million or less , the release fee will be 20 percent of the total guaranteed value of the contract.For major league contracts with a total guaranteed value between $ 25,000,001 and $ 50 million , the release fee with be 20 percent of the first $ 25 million of total value , plus 17.5 percent of the total value exceeding $ 25 million.For major league contracts with a guaranteed value of more than $ 50 million , the release fee wil be 20 percent of the first $ 25 million of total guaranteed value , plus $ 17.5 percent of the total value between $ 25 million and $ 50 million , plus 15 percent of the total value exceeding $ 50 million.Contracts that include bonuses , salary escalators or options could lead to supplemental release fees.The window during which NBP players can be posted will also be shortened to November 1 through December 5 .	Race to grab ' Japan 's Babe Ruth ' is on
Renowned wholesale distributors of electrical products offer a broad range of products at the best prices available in the market . That is exactly why people are increasingly depending on these types of businesses to purchase electrical products and motor control supplies . Top suppliers are committed to offer exceptional services and they retain highly experienced staffs to serve the needs of their clients with utmost accountability.Find everything you are searching for with the best suppliersIf you buy from top Motor Control Suppliers California , you can find any type of products you want . No matter whether you are looking for builders products , conduit &amp; raceways , controls , distribution &amp; equipment , connecting materials , lighting , line construction materials , building wire &amp; cables , explosion proof enclosures , variable frequency drives , programmable ; logic controllers , transformers , relays , pilot devices , lugs , starters , counters , strut and many more ; you can find everything you are searching in the best suppliers . This type of product variety can never be linked with an average store.Products from all leading brandsLeading Electrical Enclosure Distributors California offer all leading brands to cater to the needs of their valuable customers . They display all product lines and brands in their websites or online stores and you can click on each brand to find out what types of products are available . If you search in the website of a highly reliable supplier , you can find more than 70 brands and they list all these brands so that every client can select their favorite one with great ease.Wholesale prices , excellent discounts and fast online quotesSince highly renowned electrical products and motor control suppliers Orange County sell their products at wholesale prices , you can expect amazing affordability with them . They also offer different types of discounts for large scale purchases and all these benefits play a very critical role in making your purchase highly profitable . You can find an online quote form in their website and when you enter the quantity , manufacturer and catalogue number of the material you are searching for in the space provided along with your name and address ; you will receive the exact quote without any unwanted delay . You can enjoy all these benefits only when you purchase from a trusted and reputed electrical and motor wholesale supplier in Orange County , California . Ill reputed distributors offer low quality products at higher prices and they follow unethical practices to win the trust of the customers.Country Wholesale is one of the most prominent and dependable wholesale suppliers of most elite lines of electrical materials to original equipment manufacturers . They offer all leading brands and product lines available in the market to fulfill the expectations of all types of customers . This company differentiates itself from the competitors by offering the finest quality materials and it also offers the best customer service in the marketplace . All these aspect make Country Wholesale Electric one of the most reliable electrical products suppliers California . The track record of this company is immaculate and the opinions of the existing customers reassert this opinion in a convincing way as well .	What do Best Wholesale Distributors of Electrical Products and Motor Control Suppliers Offer ?
Feminism 's massive influence on society has taken us from traditional morals and gender roles to an age of female entitlement . But in the last several years , men 's groups like MGTOW have risen from the ash heap of male privilege to challenge it . Then last year feminism suffered its biggest setback yet when Hillary lost the election to a chauvinistic serial groper . Feminists wept and MGTOW cheered as Trump rolled back Title IX protections for women.However , the tides may have turned again now that male executives , producers and journalists everywhere are getting fired over sexual assault claims . These incidents confirm the very things feminism has always preached -- that men are predators and women are victims . The president who embodied male entitlement is now under investigation and many of his toxic male cohorts in the White House are gone.Yet the more success and power that women achieve at men 's expense , the more it calls into question their status as victims deserving special treatment . How can it be claimed that women 's voices are ignored and disbelieved when they are bringing down powerful CEOs and media moguls on an almost daily basis ? These doubts chip away at the foundations of feminism and provide an opening for a MGTOW comeback.So which of these rabid groups is currently winning the war : MGTOW or the FEMINISTS ?	Who 's winning the war right now : Feminism or MGTOW ?
I have seen the future of cinema , and it is wet . Mist in the face , trickles down the neck , damp fog all around . This is 4D , the so-called fourth dimension of cinema , and at least one operator is counting on audiences being ready to embrace this clammy change in a big way . Australia 's Village cinema chain has outfitted one of its cinemas at the Century City shopping centre in Glen Waverley with the new 4DX technology . If it is a hit with customers , it will soon be rolled out all over the country . The idea of four-dimensional cinema is n't exactly new . Aldous Huxley described something like it in his 1932 novel Brave New World , labelling the smell and touch-enhanced experience " the feelies " ( remember , he was writing just a few years after sound was introduced , taking motion pictures into the thrilling new era of the " talkies " ) . READ MORE : In the 1960s , as cinema responded to the threat of television , a variety of one-off gimmicks were tried out , offering scent ( Smell-O-Vision ) and in some cases live performers as part of an enhanced experience . In the 1970s , the bass-driven Sensurround was created for Earthquake ( 1974 ) and used in a handful of other films but never really took off widely . Beyond that , 4D has tended to be used mostly in theme park and tourist attractions , with the visuals a secondary element . The new 4DX offering is a far more integrated affair . In Australia , Thor : Ragnarok was first car off the rank , followed by Justice League and with Star Wars : Return of the Jedi next . Village Cinemas boss Gino Munari says he expects between 60 and 80 films to be made available in the format over the next 12 months , primarily in the big-budget effects-driven space . The way it works is that a 4DX program runs parallel to the DCP ( digital cinema print ) on which the sound and picture for the film is stored ; this program triggers physical in-theatre effects synchronised to on-screen events . A car splashes through a puddle , you might get a burst of mist on the face . Our hero rides a motorbike at high speed , you 'll feel a jet of air around the ears . She wakes up and smells the coffee , and you might too . Some films are screened in 3D at the same time , but not all . ( What do you call a 2D film with 4D effects ? A 2.5 D film ? ) Such whizzbangery does n't come cheap : it costs about $ 1 million to fit out a 4D cinema , with its hydraulic seats and array of sensory effects . With ticket prices set at AU$ 30 ( NZ$ 33 ) , the 4DX offering at Century City is just AU$ 5 more expensive than the standard 2D experience in the same cinema . The payback period is likely to be years . It wo n't be for everyone , of course . It 's hard to see many thoughtful dialogue-driven movies being offered up in 4D . If you suffer form motion-sickness , the sharp movements of the seats – which are enticingly wide and comfortable , but do n't come with lap belts – could be a problem . And if you wear glasses , a burst of water on the lens is the last thing you 'll be wishing for . It 's no accident that Village Cinemas recently rebranded as Village Entertainment . The company is a substantial player in theme parks , has developed the Intencity brand as a games arcade element in its cinema complexes , and has just entered the Virtual Reality space with its VOVR brand . The addition of 4DX makes sense as part of a strategy of diversifying away from the movie business as it was . Whether customers will see it as anything more than a gimmick , to be tried once then left behind , remains to be seen .	Strap yourself in for 4D cinema - it 's going to be a wet , windy and wild ride
IAIN Lee ’s sister has denied he ’s using signs to communicate with his family . The radio host was spotted using his hands to make letters which fans believed was his way of speaking to his loved ones . ITV2ITVHowever his sister has claimed he ’s more likely to be communicating with Timmy Mallet as she compared his signals to the comedian ’s iconic “ W ” sign . When asked by Scarlett Moffatt about the reports during last night ’s Extra Camp , she replied : “ So I ’ve heard but you ’re too young to remember the Timmy Mallet ‘ wacaday wave ’ . “ Unless he ’s trying to communicate with Timmy Mallet … “ He ’s certainly not communicating with me that ’s for sure . ” ITV2ITV2Rebekah - who is married to footballer Jamie Vardy - has managed to draw on her hat with what appears to be charcoal . The 35-year-old has drawn two stars which sit either side of a love heart and the letter ' U ' , with the star clearly keen to declare her love for her family without words . Meanwhile former footballer Dennis , 50 , has taken to using a secret gesture every time Ant and Dec come into the camp to reveal on live TV who will be doing the next Bushtucker trial . ITVITVWhenever the Geordie duo say his name , Dennis places his right hand over his heart and keeps it there as they speak to him , occasionally adding a little tap on his chest with his fingers . Last night , Shappi Khorsandi was the first star to leave the I 'm A Celebrity jungle . Many fans believed Kezia Dugdale would be the first to get the boot , including her pal who made an awkward joke about her still being in the show during the Extra Camp spin-off show . Got a story ? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220 .	Iain Lee ’s sister denies he ’s communicating with his family from the I ’m A Celebrity jungle
If you are trying to change the way your body looks , and you are not lifting heavy shit , you are most likely not optimizing your time spent training ( not working out , not exercising , TRAINING ) . Before I get too deep into this , I ’d like to provide some context about who I am specifically addressing in this post . I ’m assuming A ) that you have actually made a decisive decision to change the way you look B ) only have 3 – 4 hours a week to train C ) do n’t have unlimted resources to have optimal conditions like a personal chef , personal trainer , etc and finally D ) have never adhered to a proper weightlifting program for an extended period of time . Now that we have those assumptions out of the way let me explain why you need to be lifting really heavy stuff.Lifting weights is the most optimal way to increase your muscle mass . Sure , you can cycle and your legs will get a little bit bigger or you can swim and you may gain some shoulder/back muscle , but those are minimal and they will quickly stop after you ’ve received your “ newbie gains ” . In addition to adding muscle mass , lifting HEAVY weights increases your bone density ( because your body adapts to load ) . If you are a man and reading this , you might be like “ sweet I ’ll read on , I want muscle mass ” . If you are a woman , you might be thinking “ I do n’t want to add any muscle mass ” . Let me stop that silly train of thought right here . See the below image : This image should stick with you forever . The next time I hear a woman say “ I do n’t want to get bulky ” or “ I just want to tone ” I ’m going to blow my brains out . You look toned when you have good muscle defenition and low body fat . PERIOD . It is EXTREMELY difficult to add significant amounts of muscle mass . Accidently getting too “ bulky ” is almost impossible . If you were to lose 10 lbs of fat and GAIN 5 lbs of muscle ( depending on your experience , could take a year or two to gain that much muscle ) , you would look SO SO SO different than you do right now . To put it as succinctly as possible , eating in a CALORIC SUPRLUS makes you bulky ( too many donuts , mexican food , sugary drinks , pizza , etc ) , lifting weights does not.Now that we are passed that bit lets get to training tactics . There are all sorts of weight lifting programs out there . A lot of them are really good and a lot of them suck . Because of the assumptions we made earlier , I ’m going to address the TYPE of weightlifting program that I believe is optimal given those constraints we talked about in paragraph 2 . I prefer weight lifting programs that PROGRESS LINEARLY . What exactly does that mean you ask ? It means that on a repeated cadence , you do the same lifts and either increase the number of reps you are doing or add weight to the lift . One of the more popular programs out there is Stronglifts 5x5 . You do 5 Sets of 5 Reps for 3 different lifts on an alternating A/B schedule . So on Monday you would do workout A , Wednesday workout B , Friday workout A , the next Monday workout B etc on and on . Each workout , you add 5 lbs to the lift . Here is what happens when you stick to this program for 4 – 6 months . You start with super light weight and you think the workouts are stupid and easy ( this is good for your mental state , you want to feel like the workouts are easy ) . Then , over time , YOU GET STRONG AF !!!!! Seriously , you keep adding weight and before you know it , you are as strong as you have ever been in your entire life . Sound ridiculous ? Nope , it ’s what happens when you INCREMENTALLY IMPROVE over time ( works in other areas of life too , not just in the gym :) ) . It ’s like the Greek tale of Milo and the Calf . Milo had to carry a baby calf to the next town every day . The calf grew an UNNOTICEABLE AMOUNT each day and over time , Milo turned into Ivan Drago . Same principle.Think about this for a second . No matter if you are a man or woman . If you get stronger than you ever have before , and you keep your body weight the same as when you started , do you think you are going to look worse or better?I ’ll answer for you . 100000000000 % you will look way better . Now imagine if you actually achieved that strength and LOST a total of 10 lbs !!! If you are a man , you are going to look like Brad Pitt in Troy or Ryan Reynolds in Blade 3 . If you are a woman , you are going to look Kate Beckinsdale in Underworld 3 ( yes please :) !!! ) . Get strong AF while maintaining your weight or losing some means that you have changed your body composition . When you change your body composition to more muscle and less fat , you will look amazing!As we approach that time of year for New Year ’s resolutions , be honest with yourself . Is your physique where you want it to be ? If it ’s not , is your current plan ( or lack thereof ) going to get you there ? How do you know ? Who is holding you accountable to that ? If you have never participated in a legitimate strength program , give it a shot . If you are a 5 '11 Male and can Bench/Squat/Deadlift 250/350/400 at 10 % body fat , I promise you that your physique will stand out tremendously . Likewise for a 5 ' 4 female that can do 150/200/250 and be at 15 – 18 % bf , you are going to look so SEXY !!! ( Adjust those strength standards + - for taller/shorter folks ) . If you are interested in getting a bit of coaching for a program like this , I would be DELIGHTED to assist you . I ’m not a certified personal trainer and this is not my primary job . I just genuinely enjoy helping people work towards something that otherwise was elusive . Leave a comment below or shoot me a note on social media if you are interested in working with me.IG : cashflo Twitter : thumbtalkin . I want to make a MASSIVE caveat here . Your total calories consumed is very very important . If you are EATING MORE THAN YOUR BODY BURNS , you will gain weight . PERIOD END OF STORY . I ’ll leave more details about diet for another article , but in a nutshell YOU MUST EAT LESS THAN YOUR BODY NEEDS IN ORDER TO LOSE FAT !!!!!! The vast majority of people OVER estimate how many calories they burn and UNDER estimate how much they eat . Thats why most people gain fat over time.Both 5 lbs !!!!!!! The fat takes up way more volume … about 3x as much !	For Physique #goals Pick Up Heavy Stuff
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) — Ryan Luther scored 16 points and grabbed nine rebounds and Pittsburgh pulled away late for a 76-64 victory over Duquesne in the annual City Game on Friday night.Parker Stewart added a career-high 14 points for the Panthers ( 4-4 ) , who won their fourth straight and avenged a rare loss to the Dukes a year ago . Marcus Carr had 15 points and five assists for Pitt . Shamiel Stevenson chipped in 13 points as Pitt improved to 54-32 in a series that dates back to 1932 . Mike Lewis II led the Dukes ( 2-3 ) with 20 points and Eric Williams Jr. finished with 18 points and eight rebounds but Duquesne wore down late.Pitt trailed only briefly in the opening minutes and led by as much as 12 before Duquesne pulled within 47-45 on a jumper by Williams with 12:55 to go . The Dukes never got any closer as Pitt moved the ball crisply to take control.The 86th annual meeting of the two schools separated by 2.4 miles had a significantly different vibe than the 85 that came before . Both programs are in the midst of what figures to be a bumpy transition . First-year Duquesne head coach Keith Dambrot is working with a shorthanded roster that features just six healthy scholarship players while Pitt coach Kevin Stallings is trying to work 11 new players into the mix.Luther and point guard Jonathan Milligan , the only two holdovers from a Pitt team that lost to the Dukes for the first time since 2000 last December , provided an emotional spark . Luther slapped his hip after an early 3-pointer and when the Dukes threatened in the second half , he got in the paint and went to work . A pair of layups during a 14-4 surge gave the Panthers all the breathing room they would need.BIG PICTUREPitt : The Panthers are starting to get a grasp on Kevin Stallings ' offense . Pitt was 30 of 56 ( 53 percent ) from the field and has shot better than 50 percent in each of its last four games.Duquesne : The Depth and size are going to be an issue all season for the Dukes with five players sitting out due to NCAA transfer rules . The ones healthy and eligible will compete for Dambrot but some long nights likely await in the Atlantic 10 . UP NEXTPitt : Welcomes Mount St. Mary 's on Tuesday.Duquesne : Hosts Maryland-Eastern Shore on Monday .	Luther leads Pittsburgh to 76-64 win over Duquesne
Friday December 01 , 2017 In the northwestern corner of South Korea , visitors to the city of Paju can peer through binoculars across the DMZ into the North . Paju is the site of The Bridge of No Return , an archaic link between the two warring Koreas that , decades ago , was used to exchange prisoners . Paju witnessed some of the hardest fought battles during the Korean conflict . Today , it 's the front for a different kind of war : A war of information . In Paju , hydrogen balloons are released at night to silently drift north across the world 's most militarized border . They are carrying a payload of information — an invitation to whoever finds them to imagine another kind of life that is vastly different from the way they live in North Korea . " You attach essentially a garbage bag to a large balloon and you pack it filled with leaflets from the outside world with information about how to escape North Korea , dollar bills for the black market , DVDs , CDs . " On Day 6 , Alex Gladstein tells me that , " what we 're really trying to do here is just put little tiny cracks in the wall , little tiny cracks in this sort of iron curtain of information . " A black market of knowledge Gladstein , the chief strategy officer with Human Rights Foundation , helped compose the payload . He 's been to Paju and witnessed the release of the balloons . " It 's very moving , " he says . " You attach , essentially a garbage bag , to a large balloon and you pack it filled with leaflets from the outside world with information about how to escape North Korea , dollar bills for the black market , DVDs , CDs . " " Essentially there 's a little timer and after about an hour or so , a little acid vial deteriorates and then the bag opens and it just drops over North Korea . " North Koreans are forbidden to consume western media , but many still hunger for commercial entertainment . " The citizens do not care about state propaganda but increasingly watch illegally imported South Korean movies and dramas , " a high level defector told CNN . Gladstein agrees . " Over the last decade , entertainment has really saturated the North Korean society , " he says . " So it 's very ubiquitous — common — for people to sit and quietly , secretly watch movies and entertainment . " North Korea balloon release0 : 29 " However , what 's really interesting is that in the last few years , there 's sort of a demand for a new type of information . We 'll call it like a second level , second dimension of information . " Human Rights Foundation is accepting flash drives from around the world so they can jam them into North Korea . " These flash drives get shipped over to South Korea , " Gladstein explains . " They get wiped . They get content uploaded onto the drives , which is determined by North Korean defectors and people who 've fled North Korea . So they sit down ... and figure out what content is most effective to send in . " The North Koreans who escaped have told us that this is transforming society . " The content that they send to North Korea includes , among other things , documentaries about major political events , such as the Arab Spring ; current news content from South Korea ; and Wikipedia entries in Korean for Kim Jong-un or North Korea . Flash drives for freedom , flash drives for prison Balloons are one way to get information into the Hermit Kingdom , but Gladstein says the vast majority of the flash drives make their way to the Chinese border and then cross into North Korea through the flourishing black markets of the country 's underground economy . Possessing a flash drive with illicit content in North Korea is a capital crime . But people are willing to pay a week 's wages for the USB drives on the black market . According to Gladstein , defectors say that what they are seeing changes their lives . " The majority of them have come into contact with foreign media , and they have displayed a huge interest , " Gladstein says . " The North Koreans who escaped have told us that this is transforming society . " He says even in Pyongyang , where the regime is most controlling and has the most support , there are signs of change . " Western reporters who are brought in to the capitol — into this highly choreographed , you know , sort of stage setting — even they can see little cracks . " I mean , they can see people wearing jeans , they can see people speaking a little bit differently , wearing maybe South Korean haircuts [ or ] having jewelry or some sort of accent on them that shows a little bit of colour and individuality . " " So even in the heart of the regime , you 're starting to see some change . " How to measure instability The North Korean regime is now in its seventh decade of power . Gladstein says where there was once stability in the second tier of power around the leader , Kim Jong-un has made changes that suggest some turbulence . " We 're also seeing a regime that 's very smart at keeping the status quo . So despite the fact that there may be a little bit of chaos at the top , these guys know what they 're doing , " Gladstein says . " The military option is not a good option ... However , [ there is another ] way , and that is reaching the North Korean people directly . " That said , he is critical of North Korea 's neighbours and the U.S. for being wary of a destabilized DPRK . " Japan , [ the ] United States , Russia , China , South Korea : they all kind of want the status quo , unfortunately . They want to keep what 's happening in North Korea the same , and that 's really bad for the quarter million people stuck in concentration camps in North Korea today . " Gladstein says when people say there are no good options for North Korea , they 're not understanding the powerful role of pure information . " I would agree with them that the military option is not a good option , and that the negotiation and diplomacy option is not a good option . However , [ there ] is a third way and that is reaching the North Korean people directly by circumventing the government and sending information into this closed society . " " Hopefully they will seize that moment , and maybe you 'll see something like what just happened in Zimbabwe . " To hear the full interview with Alex Gladstein , download our podcast or click the ' Listen ' button at the top of this page .	' Flash Drives for Freedom ' : How smuggled western media could take down Kim Jong-un
The race to bring Shohei Ohtani to Major League Baseball is officially on after MLB owners ratified the new posting system for Japanese players on Friday.Ohtani , the 23-year-old Nippon Ham Fighters star dubbed the " Babe Ruth of Japan " is regarded as one of the hottest properties in baseball -- a two-way threat with a fastball clocked at 100 mph ( 160.93 Km/h ) and an explosive presence at the plate.He has an array of interested suitors in Major League Baseball , but his move to America was on hold as a new posting system , by which Japanese clubs are compensated for the stars they lose to the States , was hammered out.Now that he can be formally posted -- with a release fee of $ 20 million , Ohtani has three weeks , until December 22 -- to sign with a major league club.Although his 2017 season in Japan was hampered by an ankle injury , in 2016 he put up dazzling numbers , with a 10-4 record and a 1.86 ERA in 140 innnings.At the plate he hit .322 and clubbed 22 home runs.Just where he might end up has been a subject of much speculation.According to US reports , the Texas Rangers , New York Yankees , Los Angeles Dodgers , Chicago Cubs and Seattle Mariners are among the teams expected to contend for his services.Any team that signs him will be limited to the amount it has available in its international bonus pool , with the Rangers , Yankees and Minnesota Twins the teams with the most funds available.Ohtani 's posting will be governed by the terms of the 2013 posting protocol , which was extended earlier this month as MLB nd Nippon Professional Baseball worked on their new system.The new protocol will cover all player transfers between Japan and MLB starting on November 1 , 2018 . For major league contracts with a total guaranteed value of $ 25 million or less , the release fee will be 20 percent of the total guaranteed value of the contract.For major league contracts with a total guaranteed value between $ 25,000,001 and $ 50 million , the release fee with be 20 percent of the first $ 25 million of total value , plus 17.5 percent of the total value exceeding $ 25 million.For major league contracts with a guaranteed value of more than $ 50 million , the release fee wil be 20 percent of the first $ 25 million of total guaranteed value , plus $ 17.5 percent of the total value between $ 25 million and $ 50 million , plus 15 percent of the total value exceeding $ 50 million.Contracts that include bonuses , salary escalators or options could lead to supplemental release fees.The window during which NBP players can be posted will also be shortened to November 1 through December 5 .	Race to grab ' Japan 's Babe Ruth ' is on
PHILADELPHIA — On Friday , Professor Alan Dershowitz said Michael Flynn , President Trump ’s former national security adviser , is no longer a useful witness for the prosecution because he pleaded guilty to lying . He said that special counsel Robert Mueller would have much preferred to get Flynn to plead guilty to something that showed a conspiracy “ but apparently there is nothing there . ” Dershowitz told The Rich Zeoli Show on Talk Radio 1210 WPHT , “ This is not a show of strength . This is a show of weakness on the part of Mueller . ” Dershowitz dismissed reports that Jared Kushner might have told Flynn to make contact regarding a United Nations Security Council vote on Israeli settlements . “ There is nothing wrong with that , ” he explained . “ Jared Kushner was perfectly within his rights to tell someone in the transition , ‘ Hey , see if you can get the Russians to delay the vote at the UN until Trump is President . ’ “ There is no crime . It ’s not a crime to collude . It ’s not a crime to discuss . It ’s only a crime to conspire , and for there to be a conspiracy there has to be illegal acts , ” said Dershowitz .	Dershowitz : ‘ This Is A Show Of Weakness By Mueller ’
Once again , like Harrison Ford after a few scotches and a tightly rolled spliff , the first eleven months of the year have flown by , sending you into a tailspin headed directly toward the new year!Since waking up on the first of January , you have been busy living your best life , committing to your New Year resolutions of practicing a healthier lifestyle and being present with others . Good for you!However , truth be told , all of the hope you have been carrying on your shoulders and the change you have tried to make in your life began to shed from you as soon as summer ended , left to die and wither away , no different than the orange and bronze leaves parting from their maker up above.It ’s just so hard to keep up with everything and everyone . You need some time to yourself ! Or maybe you ’re just a quitter . Yeah , that ’s it.You ’re a quitter , you always have been.Up and autumn!This inevitably left you feeling distraught and anxious , perhaps even driven to despair . However , it ’s important to remember that while it may feel like a sudden change , it ’s not ; it ’s part of a natural cycle that you have known your entire life.It is life.It ’s the life that you may not have asked for but that your parents gave to you anyway.The holiday season is upon us!It was n’t all so bad at first but then the yelling and arguing became a constant . Your parents could n’t look at each other , they would n’t even dare talk to each other , and soon you were delegated as the messenger to relay petty points-of-view between their separate bedrooms.Eventually came the divorce and then the decision that would further define everything you have now become : which of the two is the real villain?A time to celebrate with family and loved ones alike!In your case , it was your father . You did n’t want to label him a villain but unfortunately he was the one who struggled with expressing his emotions , which lead to him becoming angry and verbally abusive.Luckily , he never became physical … but oddly that left you feeling guilty . Like you should n’t have been so thin skinned . You should have known how lonely he was.Funny how loneliness works . Must be a dominant gene.Then there is your mother.She made you feel safe while providing unwavering support and love . All of which made you even angrier due to the fact that her actions are what lead to the divorce in the first place.After all , her infidelity is what lead your father to implode and self-destruct . Or was it his emotional ineptitude that lead your mother to have the affair?We are thankful for the deviled eggs that came before the turkey!You do n’t talk much about this with your siblings . You know that they have similar feelings but they were older and more emotionally developed when things were at their worst . They have been able to move forward and build real , lasting relationships.So when one of them asks if you ’re bringing anyone home for the holidays , you keep it simple and deflect.Deflection . Now , there ’s something you ’re good at.Hanukkah Sameach!It ’s not that you have n’t found someone . In fact , you probably found the one but they ’re long gone due to your fear of commitment and passion for career.That ’s the excuse at least.Merry Christmas!So the holidays roll by , another year of splitting time with your mother and your father . Another year of talking to your family , but never truly connecting . And to think , you spent nearly a thousand dollars for a round trip ticket … What a waste . You could have really used the extra money.Such a shame . Your career has n’t really taken off.Ten , Nine , Eight , … So you return back to the place that you call home . The place where your life , your career , is . You like it here , you have made some decent friends , and while you still have n’t found that someone , you know that having options is not the issue.The issue is the fear you feel , the self-doubt you harbor , the pressure to be better and feel happier compounding atop your shoulders with every tick of the second hand … Four , Three , Two … You step away from the party , closing the bathroom door behind you . Hands planted on the sink , you lean forward staring at your reflection in the mirror , thinking about the resolutions of years past and the resolutions of years to come.And just as you realize that no matter how often or how hard you try to change the reflection you see , it will forever remain the same until you finally accept … HAPPY NEW YEAR ! NEW YEAR , NEW YOU!Oh , forget it . Trust nobody . Hate yourself . Everything is meaningless.You being your best self . ( image via Pixabay ) Good questions ! ( image via Pixabay ) So many feelings you feel . ( image via Pixabay )	New Year , New You : Why Your New Year Resolutions Matter So Much !
I 'M A Celebrity fans were shocked that Shappi Khorsandi was evicted from the jungle instead of Kezia Dugdale on tonight 's show . The comic became the first star to be booted out of camp , with Ant and Dec revealing the vote was was between Shappi and the Scottish politician after telling the other campmates they were safe . Rex FeaturesShappi may have been thrilled at the news telling her campmates she " wanted " to leave , but viewers were more surprised . One tweeted : " Gutted Shappi 's out . Thought it would be Kezia , " while another added that it " should have been Kez " getting the boot . Another fan added " There must be some kind of mistake , who the hell saved Kez over Shappi ? " However , some viewers thought it was right that Shappi should leave as she " clearly did n't want to be there . " In her post-drawbridge interview , Shappi told Ant and Dec : " I ’m so happy . Two weeks was enough in there . Getting teary , she added : " I ’ve got a four year old and I ached for my children . " But she did admit she 'd miss her new jungle pals saying : " What really made my time there was the people . " However , she admitted she would have loved to have been tested with more Bushtucker trials . Rex FeaturesRex FeaturesShe said : " I wanted to do more creepy crawlies , my speciality is snakes and beetles . I got off lightly . " But she admitted that entering the camp via a parachute was her worst moment and said : " A skydive was my ultimate nightmare . I was beyond petrified . " She also revealed how " tough " it had been in the jungle with the lack of food and said she hoped Rebekah Vardy would win . And she rubbished suggestions that her close jungle friend Iain Lee was something of an insider in camp . She said : " It ’s not getting [ tense ] . I do n’t know how it ’s coming across , we ’re good at giving each other space . " Iain feels like an insider . He said to me this morning , ' Do n’t you dare leave me . ' " I ’ve always been an outsider in a group so I get it . " Amir Khan , Iain Lee and Dennis Wise were all immune to eviction after several of the campmates won immunity keys over the past few days . Rex FeaturesRex FeaturesEarlier , the campmates spoke about each other in a heartfelt chat over the camp fire . Stanley said he was " proud and privileged " to have spent time with the celebs . Jennie McAlpine told the group " I am very grateful to have met every single one of you , " while Jamie Lomas described his time in camp as " one of the best experiences of my life . " Rebekah added : " I 've had such an incredible experience - I think we all have - and I 'll treasure it . " Rex Features	I ’m A Celebrity fans shocked that Shappi Khorsandi was evicted from jungle instead of Kezia Dugdale
— “ Never forget the power of brand . ” — I spend a lot of time on LinkedIn . I ’m not sure why I do this , other than a deeply masochistic streak — I ’m not looking for a job , and LinkedIn is one of the darkest places on the internet . There ’s something beautiful about it . People go there to perform late capitalism at its finest , to rant about how we ’d all be millionaires if we just worked 156 hours a week , or stopped spending money on avocado toast . People go there to worship at the altar of branding , content , and hustle . By my estimation roughly half of the articles published on LinkedIn are so out of touch they ’d put Marie Antoinette to shame.I find myself wondering , as I crawl deeper into the content pits , what this is doing to our psyche , to the collective soul of the new millennium . It seems to be a nuclear form of the anxiety-inducing performativity of other social media : no longer content to make each other jealous with vacation pictures , we have to justify our superiority to one another through the value we ’ve created . Guy Debord had a theory about 20th century society , the “ society of spectacle ” : the human chain of desire had evolved from wanting to survive , to wanting to have , to the post-industrial desire to seem to have . Debord was lucky to have left this earth before the internet — now people can broadcast their seeming to millions simultaneously , and that craving has become a full-blown addiction with the introduction of likes , retweets , and shares.All this curiosity about what these changes are doing to our brains led me to an interesting theoretical question . If LinkedIn is shaping us , turning people into automatons living solely to create value , what would happen if an automaton learned to be a person through LinkedIn and the associated thinkfluencer industrial complex?I decided to find out just that , using the recurrent neural network tool for the torch scientific computing package — https://github.com/jcjohnson/torch-rnn . For the uninformed , a recursive neural network ( apologies in advance to any scientists reading this , I barely understand it myself ) learns what letters are likely to follow each other from a certain input , and effectively trains itself to speak from that process . Torch-rnn allows you to modify the neural network ’s output using a temperature scale from 0.1 to 1 — on the lower side , it ’ll be more likely to follow existing patterns but become extremely repetitive ( think a sentence like “ the startup does the startup in order to startup ” ) , whereas 1 has the most original output but is likely to be complete nonsense . — “ I stopped talking to friends who did n’t help me create value ” — To start , I just uploaded 2650 lines from some of my favorite LinkedIn influencers , who will remain unnamed . I discovered quickly that the results of such a small dataset are pretty useless . Examples are as follows , although I would note this testing was hardly scientific.Test 1 : 2650 linesTemperature 0.1 output - “ the some the the want to be the some the startup to the sears the some the some the some the want to startup to the some the the want to startup to the some the some the some the reat the sears and the some the some the some the the to startup to startup the the sears the to more the the to startup to the reater the the the the some the some the some the some the want to startup to the sears the some the some the the some the some the some the sears the sears the prome the startup to startup t ” Temperature 0.4 output - “ the commone the have the the from the well the because a compes most the pread to some the leed to start the in the sast the some what come all the a start good the seed the trate the because people a build the be a startup to get when the gatical it but the underson that the want to startup to moly conting and that startup of the worked a bether of the and when and the for the ule the sears the sears the reating the a startup the for the had the treating read the prome of the who seart a compTemperature 0.5 output-And the that the there are a sear but the sears of about we pathtire is a start people the componsing of the becreaded a varound that people because a for the users compent it a startup to start some and that that comping the for these wrep that lecace to start the was some with me ham a mont of enour a be the procounding it a remake a start mating of that the read who startule four to monest that the in in the of do it it to concent is a bart to startup of beat of the montrees on the pant thThis was , unfortunately , pretty incoherent and repetitive . So I ramped it up , adding in a full ebook by Marc Andreessen , the famous tech entrepreneur and thought leader , now famous for his venture firm , Andreessen Horowitz , as well as his thought leadership . Andreessen may be most famous for saying that “ software is eating the world ” , so I decided my software should eat Andreessen . Output is as follows . — “ The new impational does ” — Test 2 : 10650 linesTemperature 0.3-E2 in a really and the product of the startup in the company and the startup in the best productive the experience and the startup in the real things and the time is a startup and the product of the real in the for the startup because they want to be a startup in the product and the concentive of the executive and the world and the product of the experience the reality to company that the product in the interesting the one that you can do the executive to start the world the one of the real in tTemperature 0.5 - • great brow your disruption really the top for the bade of the startup it weak the productivity experience service and the world to said the concept do to service , because the one can work to real startup.The seem going to be exployer when you want to a startup in the best people to be a startup and substagers out a business all the product to could company research the company to day that it was does n’t practically you could so the startups and person in the never good startup it do n’t transTemperature 0.7-Gy is on the time and hiring a favilantianingremains of an a better when the mean working of one how the make to the has and precent.The new impational does.Face roke settic not market of now . It what you people of the things they ’re build trick and what you are another ANget the often a partited great the one complish to be the problem . It ’s do n’t be an organ the care it was the Grigning will startup really andremember her had a skills that some bots to experience is magined form of startup to start it dead of company to sut of the increases that have to are working to a startup say , Elassionmost and work as a startups and high onestartup , do the sisced and person in surcined and all the opportunity to the employees that do it one ’s culture of the strated the day disruption . HaW the set my realize it as airing planner and the customers with strids of likely can be recruce you have team , and say that has business to ca n’t a disruption wook lear n’t dround respect that most companies people and this is in the restrainal recombers servises and permation , one will do n’t think and come a lot to successful if you have time and while you want to the 200 . The since and hirence there some fact?I think which you doon in the companies.he are the evilice , they are conternow in they idea is who founders of the other that if you do the period and the Finds it can company of the called tell such on it was to how would ( at the astellong such tow bike that you why this is their mostcanditions back your toich such the culture do so euterally because — highled in a time loges an a startups or example — out then a startups.At I make the post it compusize that come to this a most to try to the big chance that you hand of of canding on a all be working about the keep . The time and probotisty to undergan instead of a lot companies far sistering with a not skillical service my looks that you saying user , which the startups that can at give the startup , are better looking in tTemperature 1 : y’ y ″ ’ a nearl you continues and dristaking thinks — — [ Strage outfress by sinkingly that will not opportuners that it ’s actually move crance sense on the stair Tantram not agay to could it out this risk the ncoppes as imprediased or form of gonown of company . I ’m hear — struggented in Contair Capaer with the valwel exiful thatit current.Nott same . Acdnotoling your product decriction to easide I job.IP years able accosianding a smill of the example to make it - Counders , relate , orColasy iNow we ’re getting somewhere ! At this point I decided to start messing with the implications of this project , as well as adding some fun into the equation . That takes us to where we ’re at now : Web InterfaceThe Power of Brand was starting to get fun , so I spun up a little Node.js and Express app at home to create inspirational image macros of the things it had to say . You can see a few of these here , and check out the current alpha version on my github : https://github.com/brondle/powerofbrand.Peter BrandHowever , I felt that simply creating image macros would n’t do this project justice . To that end , I created a LinkedIn account for my bot . It ’s still in the nascent stages , but if you ’re looking for inspirational content , please feel free to add Peter Brand on LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/in/powerofbrand/ so I can grow his connections and ultimately reach the top of LinkedIn ’s feed.RoadmapHaving completed a proof of concept node app , I ’m working to build out a frontend and let the masses learn what the Power of Brand has to say . I ’m also in the process of training my neural network on a much larger dataset — adding in work by Gary Vaynerchuk , Jeff Jarvis , and more.I ’m also working on increasing the profile of Peter Brand on LinkedIn — I ’m building his network slowly , and improving the output of the neural network , hopefully to the end of creating a viral bot-written post.Inspirational.Truly a gamechanger.Disruptive .	The Power Of Brand , or How To Teach A Robot To Be A Sociopath : Part 1
– A rather unusual concert is taking place Sunday evening at the 23rd Street Armory in Center City . It ’s called “ Symphony for a Broken Orchestra ” and aims to highlight the importance of music and art education in schools by using those very same damaged instruments in the performance . “ We collected about 1,000 broken instruments that are owned by the School District of Philadelphia , ” explains Sarah Biemiller , one of the organizers of this event . “ We then recorded all of the sounds those broken instruments make , creating a sound library . ” Those sounds were then sent to the composer , who then created a composition based on them . “ It ’s going to be sort of a rambling , interesting , cacophony of sound , ” Biemiller says . That ’s because each instrument is defective in some way . “ Very beat up violins with no strings , violins with no necks , flutes with no pads , cellos broken in half , ” adds Biemiller . Not only does Bethany Smith ’s cello have a large crack down the middle , but it does n’t have a bridge either . But she , like the other musicians , is making the most of the situation . “ I was wondering how can an instrument be broken and still be playable , and it was really interesting to see the wide range of ways they can do that , ” she says . Smith is one of 400 Philadelphia musicians joining members of the Philadelphia Orchestra for the concert . They ’ve all been rehearsing leading up to the concert . Allison Aprile is also participating . She ’s playing her broken clarinet . “ Really out of tune and really squeaky , ” she says . “ It ’s not about if it sounds good , it ’s more about coming together with a bunch of broken things and making a point . ” After the concert , most of the instruments will be sent out to be repaired and then returned to the school district sometime next year . More information on Symphony for a Broken Orchestra is available here .	Musicians Perform With Broken Instruments In Unique Philadelphia Concert
COLLEGE PARK , Md . ( AP ) — Isaac Haas scored 21 points , Dakota Mathias added 20 and Purdue opened defense of its Big Ten regular season title by holding off Maryland 80-75 Friday night.The Boilermakers ( 7-2 , 1-0 ) blew a 14-point lead , then let a 10-point cushion shrink to 62-60 before Mathias and the 7-foot-3 Haas took over.Mathias made pair of foul shots and Haas had seven points in a 10-2 surge that finally gave Purdue some separation.It was 76-68 with 58 seconds left before the Terrapins launched their final comeback . Anthony Cowan made a 4-point play , then a 3-point play to cut the gap to 78-75 . Shooting with a chance to tie it , Jared Nickens missed badly on a jumper from the corner , and Purdue 's P.J. Thompson clinched it with two free throws.Carsen Edwards scored 18 for the Boilermakers , who got all their points from the five starters.Cowan scored 20 and Kevin Huerter had 19 for Maryland ( 6-3 , 0-1 ) . Darryl Morsell went 3 for 16 from the floor , Justin Jackson went 1 for 8 and the Terrapins shot 35 percent in their first home loss.Maryland has dropped three of four.The Terrapins scored the first seven points after halftime , the last of them on a 3-pointer by Huerter , to take their first lead at 44-43 . Soon after that , Maryland coach Mark Turgeon was given a technical foul for protesting a call on the Terps ' end of the court . Vincent Edwards made both free throws as part of an 11-0 run that made it 54-44 with 15:50 to go.The Terps came back , but the Boilermakers never folded.Maryland trailed by 14 points in the first half before closing with a 10-3 run to make it 43-37 at the break.Mathias scored 18 and made all seven of his field goal tries , including four 3-pointers , and Haas added 12 points on 6-for-7 shooting.Mathias hit his first five shots and the Boilermakers went 10 for 12 from the floor in bolting to a 25-13 lead . After Hass scored eight of Purdue 's first 13 points , Mathias accounted for 10 points in a 12-3 spree.It was 32-18 with 7 minutes left in the half . At that juncture , the Boilermakers had made 13 of 17 field goal tries and Maryland was 6 for 22 . BIG PICTUREPurdue : A solid performance by the Boilermakers on the road bodes well for the team 's effort to get back into the Top 25 and defend its Big Ten title.Maryland : The Terrapins ' inability to win close games has proven costly . Although Maryland rallied past Bucknell on Nov. 18 , their three losses are by a combined nine points.UP NEXTPurdue : Hosts Northwestern on Sunday.Maryland : At Illinois on Sunday night .	Haas scored 21 as Purdue holds on to beat Maryland 80-75
THE MAIN DIVISIONS OF THE ASTRAL PLANESFIRST CHAKRA ENERGIES ( first electron ring ) Body of “ light ” 1st veilSECOND CHAKRA ENERGIES ( second electron ring ) Animal and Human group soulsPlant group soulsCosmic Awareness “ Soul ” body “ Christ Consciousness ” 2nd veilTHIRD CHAKRA ENERGIES ( third electron ring ) Spiritual “ illumination ” Mental “ illumination ” Archetypal ideasDirected thoughtMental energy sourceMental objectivityDeath of emotions3rd veilFOURTH CHAKRA ENERGIES ( fourth electron ring ) Emergency explosive emotional thoughtDestructive emotional thoughtSpeculative emotional thoughtRealistic emotional thoughtBright and happy thoughtLove emotionLove obsession/repulsionFriendshipsTwo way communicationOne way communicationWithdrawal into lonelinessSelf-relianceEmotional abandonment4th veilFIFTH CHAKRA ENERGIES ( fifth electron ring ) Revolutionary forcesCelebrities “ crash &amp; burn ” CelebritiesPublic service and recognitionSpiritual prideEverything goes rightSpiritual power sourceBattle of “ good ” vs. “ evil ”“ Born again ” experienceBitter-sweet experience “ Light ” self “ Dark ” selfAstral worldEnergy source Barriers and limitations5th veilSIXTH CHAKRA ENERGIES ( sixth electron ring ) Magical powerDepression &amp; inactivityWill powerSocial restrictionsZest for livingSex pleasure/wealthPainSense of “ self ” Life span &amp; destiny6th veilSEVENTH CHAKRA ENERGIES ( seventh electron ring ) Etheric doublePossible futures “ Fixed ” Akashic futureInstinctive awareness of immediate environmentSeventh veil	Main Divisions Of The Astral Planes As Elemental Energies
This news will make you beam like a string of Christmas lights . Netflix has renewed “ Stranger Things , ” the Duffer brothers ’ heartfelt , nostalgia-heavy sci-fi series , for a third season . The news , coming on the heels of a second season released in late October that turned things totally upside down , is making fans of the show way more than halfway happy . Netflix does not release viewership information , but according to Nielsen , 361,000 people binged all nine episodes of the second season the first day they were available . Three days after the Season 2 release , 15.8 million viewers had watched the premiere episode . The second season was highly promoted by the streaming service — they even ran an ad during Super Bowl LI — and it has been well-received by critics . Netflix has not released a premiere date for the third season , but the Duffer brothers confirmed to Yahoo Entertainment this month that there will have to be a significant lapse in time between the end of Season 2 and the beginning of Season 3 . “ It will have to be somewhat of a time gap , because the kids are , I mean , they already look so much older , ” Ross Duffer said . “ No matter what we want to do , I remember when we were originally talking about Season 2 , we wanted to just start it in Christmas and just go from there , but then we realized the kids are just too old , so we had to jump forward . Even the latest trailer , we had to loop a line with [ Caleb McLaughlin , who plays Lucas ] . He sounds like a man now . It creeps me out . He ’s going to be driving to set next year . ” “ It seems very wrong , ” Matt Duffer added . “ The minute I see Caleb drive up , I ’m probably going to pass out . ” Until then , some fans on Reddit are having a good time fantasizing about what they ’d like to see in the next season.All in all , the fact that the show is officially coming back for a third season is pretty bitchin ’ .	‘ Stranger Things ’ Renewed For Season 3 By Netflix
By Rick Brown The Denver Broncos ( 3-8 ) will be thin on both the offensive line and defensive lines when the team travels to Florida to the play the Miami Dolphins ( 4-7 ) . The Broncos have officially listed four players as out and three as questionable for Sunday ’s match up . Meanwhile , the Dolphins have six players on their injury report . Both teams are struggling to produce on offense , and after seeing the list of offensive players missing , it ’s clear there will be a struggle to create scoring opportunities . Denver Broncos Missing Key Players On Offensive And Defensive Lines The Broncos started off the week with another long injury list , with 12 players listed in all . As the week progressed , that list shortened up , but unfortunately , injuries and illness will be keeping out key players from the Broncos offense and defense . On the offensive side , right guard Ron Leary ( back ) is listed as out and on the defensive line , Domata Peko , Sr. ( knee ) will also be missing the Dolphins game . Both of these players were key free-agent acquisitions and have done a decent job of helping the lines be successful . It ’s especially disappointing for Peko , as he will be missing his first game since 2009 . The veteran nose tackle , who is currently dealing with a knee injury he sustained last week against the Raiders , has started in 123 consecutive games . “ It ’s kind of weird , ” Peko said . “ I was talking to one my other teammates about it . I was like , ‘ Dude , I do n’t even know . ’ It ’s been a while . I forgot what it feels like to miss practice . ” Peko has done a great job of stepping into the Broncos ’ defensive line . He played a big part in bringing a unit that finished last in the league last year move up to fourth in the league in rushing yards against . For a team that is struggling on both sides of the ball , great players like Peko and Leary will be sorely missed . QB Paxton Lynch ( ankle ) and defensive end Derek Wolfe ( neck ) and are also ruled out due to injuries , while outside linebacker Shane Ray is questionable due to an illness that seems to be going around the Broncos locker room . Miami Dolphins Looking For Win Against Broncos The Dolphins are missing several players for this weeks ’ match up against the Broncos , with three players on offense and one player on defense ruled out . Backup QB Matt Moore has been ruled out with a foot injury , so David Fales will be taking the backup spot to Jay Cutler , who will start on Sunday . There were also two players listed as questionable who will be game time decisions . The Dolphins have not been performing well on offense and will need every player available in order to earn a victory against the Broncos . It will not take much , as the Broncos have not been playing well , either . In all likelihood , the Dolphins will have enough healthy players to earn a victory this weekend against the hapless Broncos . Denver Broncos Injury Report Questionable ( ILB ) Davis , Todd – Illness/Ankle/Shoulder – Did Not Participate in Practice ( TE ) Heuerman , Jeff – Knee – Full Participation in Practice ( OLB ) Ray , Shane – Illness/Wrist – Did Not Participate in Practice Out ( G ) Leary , Ron – Back – Did Not Participate in Practice ( QB ) Lynch , Paxton – Ankle – Did Not Participate in Practice ( NT ) – Peko Sr. , Domata – Knee – Did Not Participate in Practice ( DE ) Wolfe , Derek – Neck – Did Not Participate in Practice Miami Dolphins Injury Report Questionable ( RB ) Perry , Senorise – Concussion – Full Participant in Practice ( DB ) Thomas , Michael – Knee – Full Participant in Practice Out ( G ) Bushrod , Jermon – Foot – Did Not Participate in Practice ( QB ) Moore , Matt – Foot – Did Not Participate in Practice ( DB ) Smith , Maurice – Abdomen – Did Not Participate in Practice ( RB ) Williams , Damien – Shoulder – Did Not Participate in Practice	Week 13 Injury Report : Banged Up Broncos Missing Key Players On Both Sides Of The Ball Against Miami
PESHAWAR , Pakistan - Taliban militants stormed a provincial government agricultural research complex in the northwestern city of Peshawar on Friday , killing 12 people including students and wounding 35 others , police said . Police and soldiers killed three attackers during a firefight and while clearing the complex , they said . The main Taliban militant group , Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan , claimed responsibility . Police chief Salahuddin Mahsud of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province said attackers opened fire on the main gate of a provincial Agricultural Department complex , initially wounding two guards and two students . Mahsud said three attackers clad in women 's burqas then reached the gate in a rickshaw and opened fire to clear their way to the building . The ensuing firefight left 12 dead and dozens more injured . Mahsud said before the attackers could reach other hostels , security forces evacuated residents in armor vehicles . " Police and military troops engaged in a quick and well-coordinated firefight and evacuation efforts saved scores of lives , otherwise the death toll could have been much higher . " TV footage showed bullets holes in building walls , blood stains and broken glass scattered on the floor . Some students and others were present in the normally crowded complex at the time of the attack because Friday was a holiday for Muslims to celebrate the birth of the Prophet Muhammad . " We took shelter inside the bedroom and were begging the injured student not to make any sound as the terrorists might hear it and kill us , " said Noor Wali , 19 , a student at the institute . The attack came over a week after a suicide bomber killed top police official Mohammad Ashraf Noor and his guard in the city . Pervez Khattak , chief minister of the province , expressed grief over the lives lost . " These terrorists have no religion as they attacked on a day which is very sacred and the nation was celebrating it . " Ap - Afp - Xinhua	Taliban attack in Pakistan claims 12
Sancai glaze painting of Sunflower by Guo Aihe . [ Photo provided to China Daily ] " In Chinese , wenhua means culture . The word is made up of two characters . Wen stands for history and hua refers to the process of change , " says Guo Aihe , a 53-year old ceramist and curator of the Luoyang Sancai Art Museum . " Our generation has to make some changes to promote the development of culture . " Guo participated as an exhibitor in the 2017 World Leisure Expo in Hangzhou , Zhejiang province in late October , introducing his artworks to visitors from all over the world.Guo has devoted his time to the inheritance and development of sancai art for more than 30 years , focusing on sancai glaze paintings , sancai ceramic crafts and other archaic forms of sancai.His artworks have been added to the permanent collections of The Louvre in France , the Corfu Museum of Asian Art in Greece , the Gwangju Museum of Art in South Korea and many national organizations.He was born in Luoyang , Henan province in 1964 , graduated from Luoyang Normal University as an art student . " The sancai pieces in the shape of horse and camel are everywhere , " he says , " Sancai has been the top choice for presents by locals no matter whether they are officials or civilians . Around 35 years ago , a quality sancai camel sold for 38 yuan ( $ 5.76 ) , the equivalent to about one month 's salary . " Sancai glaze painting Terraced Fields by Guo Aihe . [ Photo provided to China Daily ] As Guo grew up in the place where sancai originated , it was no coincidence he was drawn to it.He is always proud to spread his knowledge of sancai with a wider range of people through his lectures and books , including China Luoyang Sancai.According to him , the word " porcelain " was invented to represent enameled pottery . Sancai is the most famous representation of porcelain . " Sancai used to be misunderstood as meaning ' three-colored ' in the West because of its direct translation . But actually it means the whole spectrum of colors that occur in the world . " Guo says Tang sancai only represents a development phase of porcelain , but the history of porcelain can be traced back to the Western Zhou Dynasty ( c. 11th century-771 BC ) . " Dating back for over a thousand years , sancai art employed the most cutting-edge techniques of the day in the fields of mineralogy , physics , kiln technology , design and the engraving arts . " Guo paints on pottery . [ Photo provided to China Daily ] Guo values the traditional crafts as genuine art treasures , and he is eager to innovate and add to modern advances to its development . " Our country needs people who inherit just as much as who innovate , " Guo then speaks for himself , " I want sancai works of my own creation to be displayed in museums a hundred years from now , and not just some copies of Tang sancai I once produced . " He believes that innovation that ignores the art form 's history and singularity in favor of purely Western interpretation will not have an any lasting value － like a tree with roots.Guo applies modern artistic expression to porcelain production based on the traditional craft.During his studies at university , he learned about traditional Chinese painting , oil painting and watercolors , which he says are elements still reflected in his sancai works.He has been bold enough to try 500 new types of bright and semitransparent colors on glaze , while the traditional sancai always remains loyal to white , yellow and green . He jumps out of tradition that ties the ceramist to the three-dimensional figures including horses and camels , and has expanded the subjects of his creations using sancai glaze painting techniques.Art by Guo Aihe . [ Photo provided to China Daily ] One of Guo 's works that is worth mentioning titled Guo Zhi Zhong , Cheng Zhi Yuan ( The Center of the Country , The Origin of the Cities ) , light up the Henan pavilion at the 2010 Shanghai World Expo . It won the gold award of " Bai Hua " Grand Award for Chinese Arts and Crafts issued by Chinese Arts and Crafts Association in Beijing.The work is a large-scale mural , measuring 25.8 meters long by 3.3 meters tall . It has been built up using 2,516 individual pieces of artwork , including 2,359 ceramic tiles decorated with sancai to create the background , six bronzes that form the title of the artwork in the style of a seal and one piece of Dushan jade from Nanyang that had been carved into the character Yu , an abbreviation for Henan province.The work , as suggested by its title , has two themes.The pattern from an ancient bronze tripodal urn unearthed in Henan province has been pieced together to form the center of the work . Twenty six dynasties in ancient China once set their capitals in today 's Henan , and their names are painted in the style of oracles around the central character for Yu , reinforcing the message that Henan lies at the center of China.To reflect the origin of cities as another theme , the Yellow River runs through historic sites in the background , including Yangshao , the Yin Ruins in Anyang , the ancient capital of Erlitou and the ancient cities of the Easten Han ( 25-220 ) and Wei ( 220-265 ) dynasties . Patterns from ancient Chinese mythological fiction called hetu and luoshu have been revived , as a reminder of the Yellow River 's ancient mythology.Yu Le Tu ( Fishes and Happiness ) displayed in Shanghai Tower . [ Photo provided to China Daily ] Another famous piece named Yu Le Tu ( Fishes and Happiness ) is displayed in the hall of Shanghai Tower . Completed in 2015 , the tower is 632 meters high and was the tallest building in the world at that time.The work was completed by Guo and 17 other artists.It gathered wisdom from all over the country , including sancai works from Luoyang , blue and white porcelain from Jingdezhen in Jiangxi province , Jun and Ru porcelain from Yuzhou and Ruzhou in Henan province , and works from the Ding kiln in Quyang in Hebei province , the Ge kiln in Longquan in Zhejiang province , and works using purple sand clay from Yixing in Jiangsu province.The piece of art was tailor-made for the tower and was scrupulously designed with an attention to detail . The 2,015 glazed ceramic boards echo the year the artwork was created , the 127 columns of the work reflect the number of floors in the building , and the 632 flying fish mirror the height of the tower.Guo has also made a foray into watch design , using Luoyang sancai to make watch dials . Due to variables in the kiln-firing process and the nature of glaze , every dial is unique and impossible to recreate . [ Photo provided to China Daily ] The 12 Chinese signs of the zodiac replace the Roman and Arabic numerals more commonly used to tell the time.The design of the dial created by Guo is imbued with traditional culture , and garnered a great deal of attention.Guo says that at an international watch exhibition in Switzerland last year , a local resident bought the watch and mailed it back to China with the request of getting it signed by the artist . " The buyer said that he bought this watch as a gift for his wife , the woman he loves and cherishes the most . He said it would be perfect with my signature on it , " Guo is proud that his design has been recognized by the West.Even with so many artworks accomplished and a museum established , Guo has a bigger dream.He had been looking for a large space to create a sancai ceramic town , until he locked onto a small village named Huashu'ao in a mountainous area of western Henan in 2015 . In the ceramics town he established Guo displays both his innovative pieces and copies of sancai from different eras . He is building the town as a window for people to learn about the history of the art form and its modern interpretations , which will help them to appreciate the beauty of sancai from all aspects . " The town is 200 hectares in size . It is a large work of art in itself as sancai art has been blended into the construction of the space , " Guo says.Dao Fa Zi Ran ( Tao Follows Nature ) by Liu Xiaoping . [ Photo provided to China Daily ] Root carvingLiu Xiaoping , a 47-year-old artist from Lishui city , Zhejiang province , has been practicing root carving for almost 30 years . He also participated in the 2017 World Leisure Expo.He says that he always follows the principle of applying 30 percent human creation while maintaining 70 percent of the nature of the raw material to complete his works.He invented flat carving , a process which gives rebirth to thin , hollow or flat roots by compressing them from all angles.Dao Fa Zi Ran ( Tao Follows Nature ) , Liu 's magnum opus using the flat carving technique , is 80 cm high and 35 wide － but no more than 4 cm thick at its widest point.In this work , Liu has perfectly taken advantage of the uneven depth of the material and skillfully structured the artwork to form a vivid facial expression combined with a figure-like posture.Liu says , " As there are n't many quality raw materials , flat carving explores the possibility of flat roots which have n't been valued for what they are . From shaping it into an artwork , an artist can improve their ability in utilizing materials and sculpting . " Ren Jian Wan Xiang ( The Various Aspects of Life ) by Liu , which made a good use of natural hole on root . [ Photo provided to China Daily ] At the expo , Liu also displayed a series of works named Ren Jian Wan Xiang ( The Various Aspects of Life ) . Liu says he cherishes every piece of wood as a gift from nature , which should never be wasted , including the ones with holes.He is charmed by the beauty of imperfection and thinks every hole speaks about the secrets of time.Using wood with naturally occurring hole as the mouths of figures , he intends to express the range of human emotions , from sorrow to anger , and happiness . " The cavity is very connotative , it offers less limitations than carving a mouth on purpose " , Liu says , accepting that this will bring different interpretations to his works , " The audiences will see what 's inside them . " Liu claims that all his works reflect his thinking , even including the most traditional ones of Maitreya , or the Laughing Buddha.He spends time investigating what 's on the market , what has already been done and to what standard it has been produced . Then he thinks about what should he do next . " My understanding of a craftsman 's spirit is different to most of the others , " Liu says , " Only after observation and summarization , I know what I should do to make a difference and create something new . " Chen Qinghe weaves rattan products . [ Photo provided to China Daily ] Rattan weavingAnother exhibitor at the expo Chen Qinghe , 78 , comes from Anxi county in Fujian province . He is also a master of a Chinese arts craft that pays attention to a material that 's normally underestimated.In 1958 , Chen started to study rattan weaving for the sake of 2-yuan ( $ 1 in the then currency exchange ) grant as the only student of the major at the Xiamen Academy of Arts and Design.He says that 2 yuan covered half his monthly living expenses at that time , " I stayed for the major just because of the grant and I thought the craft would support me in making a living . " After his graduation , he started to produce rattan-weaved thermos cases to sell commercially . He later established a studio where he has been passing down his skills to others.Chen says he was anxious to prevent the traditional craft from dying out while he found younger generations showing no interest , especially those from the " post - '90s " generation.To achieve this , in 1991 he created a brand-new craft which combines soft , pliable material of rattan with hard iron.He has launched a series of baskets , which used rebar as handles with iron wire twined around it to form a grape vine . Iron sheet were cut into grape leaves , and steel balls were soldered together to form clusters of grapes.At one spring trade fair , the baskets attracted panic buying among overseas customers . Within the space of three days , Chen took in enough advanced orders to last a year 's production . " Innovation is the soul and the lifeblood of the domestic cultural crafts industry , " Chen says he has been walking on the road of creation , and he believes that design promotes trade.Chen claims that the rattan weaving and iron arts has opened a broader market for his home county , " In Anxi county , with a population of 1.2 million , we now have 120,000 people working in basket-making and its related industries . And the value of its total output over the past seven years has reached 10.8 billion yuan . " In June , Chen successfully introduced Chinese lacquer art into rattan weaving . " Lacquer art is a national intangible cultural heritage , and so is rattan weaving . " He speaks of his creations with pride , " The production process is not easy , and needs more than 10 steps . " Chen says , " What we have to pass on is the craftsman 's spirit of making perfection more perfect . " The series of sancai works named Liangzhu Li Yue ( Liangzhu Rites and Music ) by Guo , which takes the outline of jade as the prototype . [ Photo provided to China Daily ]	Crafting a future for traditional arts
Based on the classic character ’s recent horror series By Susana Polo on Sabrina the Teenage Witch is coming to Netflix . The streaming service announced today that it has put in a two-season order for the spinoff of the CW ’s Riverdale . Netflix ’s Sabrina is described as “ in the vein of Rosemary 's Baby and The Exorcist and finds Sabrina wrestling to reconcile her dual nature as a half-witch , half-mortal while fighting the evil forces that threaten her , her family and the daylight world humans inhabit , ” according to the Hollywood Reporter . Fans of the 1996 Sabrina television series starring Melissa Joan Hart might find themselves thrown for a loop . The new series will reportedly be based on Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa and Robert Hack ’s Chilling Adventures of Sabrina , a supernatural horror series from Archie Comics ’ horror imprint . You did n’t know that Archie Comics had a horror imprint ? Well , it all started with the comic that Chilling Adventures spun out of , Afterlife with Archie , a title that spoofed the company ’s long-running Life with Archie series . Afterlife with Archie was a gore-filled story about what happened after Jughead begged Sabrina to raise his dog from the dead : a zombie plague unleashed on Riverdale . Currently in its second season , Riverdale has been teasing the presence of Sabrina Spellman , the teenage sorceress , within the show , but she has yet to appear . Aguirre-Sacasa , Archie Comics ’ chief creative officer , has written the script for Sabrina , and will executive produce alongside the folks behind Riverdale . Sabrina ’s two ten-episode seasons will be shot back to back . If they do n’t already have an actress I ’d like to nominate Olivia Dudley . By SkoomaScum on 12.01.17 4:23 pm All I want is that animatronic cat to make an appearance . By ench on 12.01.17 4:28 pm Careful what you wish for . They ’ll have it as a throwaway gag in a supply closet somewhere in the first episode , to be mocked once and never mentioned again . Rather than homage it , they ’ll just mock it . Dudley is 32 though , maybe a little bit too old for a " teenage " witch . By Red_VIII on 12.01.17 5:28 pm By SkoomaScum on 12.01.17 5:45 pm I ’ve been tempted to watch Riverdale , but its CW origins have so far kept me from actually doing so . By IndigoAK on 12.01.17 4:31 pm You made the right choice . CW poisons everything . There is literally not a single good show from that network , and yes I ’m including The Flash . Because , seriously ? Are you kidding me ? You are trying to tell me that overwrought badly written teen angst drama in which characters constantly betray their own values at every single opportunity and literally the only plotline they can come up with is " Yet another evil version of the Flash is terrorizing the Flash , can the Flash flash fast enough to outflash the new evil Flash , or will he just be a Flash in the pan ? Also , will they or wo n’t they ? They answer is both , constantly , and do n’t worry , literally every single cast member will mash genitals with all of the rest at some point in the series , because the only drama we can understand is the drama of a short lived relationship ! " Well , in the current season it ’s The Thinker , so just a super intelligent villain You should actually watch the show man cause nobody is hooking up and they have shark people , gorillas , and all kinds of folks . By davidcryix on 12.01.17 5:23 pm I did . I watched every single season that ’s currently on Netflix . The first season was the best , since that first plotline was actually compelling and interesting . It devolved from there , and literally every time they had Barry or Iris dating someone that was n’t each other , I groaned because I knew it would last exactly one episode , which it did , meaning those " love " interests served no purpose . Then they started giving all the side characters love interests . Did Barry ’s dad need one ? Did his geeky sidekick , or his other geeky sidekick ? I think iZombie and The 100 are quite good . Not great , but certainly good shows . And if you ca n’t find enjoyment out of Legends of Tomorrow ( I ’ll give you season 1 , that kind of sucked ) right now , I kind of feel bad for you . A lot of CW shows are crap , and a lot of shows one the major networks are crap , but there ’s plenty of good in there unless you want to put the hate blinders on . By MrWartburg on 12.01.17 5:36 pm There is literally not a single good show from that network , and yes I ’m including The Flash . Hi there , Crazy Ex-Girlfriend is one of the best shows on television at the moment , that ’s all , thanks . ( also Riverdale rules . ) By techee44 on 12.01.17 6:25 pm I dig Riverdale , try it out on Netflix to see if you want to roll with it By InfGam on 12.01.17 5:22 pm Ugh . Please can we stop with the gritty reboots ? Just look at what happened with everything DCEU is doing . But it ’s not really a reboot . It ’s based off of it ’s own independent story that only borrows characters from another work . What Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa wrote was , from the first few pages , gritty and was never trying to adapt from or off of anything . Sabrina being in Riverdale is almost an entirely moot point when the topic of discussion is " Chilling Adventures of Sabrina the Teenage Witch " . No re-imaging or re-booting ; just an on screen adaptation of a horror story starring a familiar character detached from her canon . By SkoomaScum on 12.01.17 5:49 pm	Horror-inspired Riverdale spinoff , Sabrina , is coming to Netflix
Parents spending time together with children is critical for building strong family ties , making lifelong memories and creating an environment that builds self-esteem and character in children . When asked , children say the number one thing they want most from their parents is TIME . Parents do n’t have to spend a lot of money to experience quality time with their children ; any time spent together sharing an activity is considered quality time . Very often parents think that their physical presence at home qualifies as family time , which is not true because parents are mostly busy at home on cell phone , watching television , browsing internet , entertaining guests , etc . Family time is undivided attention both the parents give to their children.Here are some reasons why family time is important : 1 . Developing self-esteem in children : Parents who invest quality time with the children participating in activities together build a positive sense of self-worth in children . When children feel that they are valued by their parents , they feel more positive about themselves . These activities do n’t have to be expensive or luxurious to be meaningful . Take a walk together , go for a bike ride or play a game of cricket / soccer in the driveway . The important part is just being together and enjoying each other ’s company .2 . Strengthening family bond : Parents who share activities together regularly form strong emotional ties . Many studies have proved that families who enjoy group activities together share a stronger emotional bond as well as an ability to adapt well to situations as a family . Sharing hobbies , sports , books , movies or other favourite activities will lead in building strong family ties for life . The least the parents can do is to invest in family meal time without the distraction of cell phone and television .3 . Creating happy memories : Family time creates warm memories for parents and children alike . Children with happy family memories are more likely to create a loving environment for their own children when they grow up . Learning to work and play as a family unit is one of the best lessons children can be taught so they can develop into competent adults and parents .4 . Helping parents and children reconnect : Spending time together as a family helps busy parents to relax and reconnect with their children . Children tend to share more information about their lives while enjoying an activity with the parents rather than when you ask them “ What did you do today ? ” It is also a time when life lessons , like sharing , fairness and compassion , can be reinforced without conflict . Children grow and change quickly , so family time is a wonderful time to get to know children better.Parents must be aware that children have the right to seek parents undivided quality time . This is an investment parents are making in developing the personality of the children .	Importance of Family Time
Ask comedy auteur Norman Lear his response to being selected for the Kennedy Center Honors , a career celebration of esteemed artists , and the 95-year-old TV legend , not surprisingly , takes the mordant route . “ It feels elderly , ” he says , chuckling . Then , he switches gears : “ It feels great . I could n’t be more pleased . ” Lear , famed for such groundbreaking 1970s comedies as All in the Family , Maude and The Jeffersons , will be honored Sunday with actress , dancer and choreographer Carmen de Lavallade , singer-songwriter and actress Gloria Estefan ; hip hop artist LL Cool J ; and musician and record producer Lionel Richie . The 40th annual honors ceremony , held at the Kennedy Center Opera House in Washington , D.C. , will be broadcast on CBS on Dec. 26 ( 9 ET/PT ) . The honorees may have a little more time on their hands this weekend thanks to Lear and de Lavallade , who said they would boycott the traditional White House reception because of their opposition to President Trump . The White House later canceled the reception and issued a statement saying , the president and first lady Melania Trump will not attend the ceremony " to allow the honorees to celebrate without any political distraction . " Lear , a longtime progressive who is at odds with the president 's policies in many areas , including support of the arts , explains his decision to boycott . " Because he 's made me feel it 's not my White House , " he tells USA TODAY . " But I 've gotten over that . It is my White House . It ought n't to be his . " Asked what he thinks of Trump 's decision not to have the traditional reception , Lear says confidently : " You mean the decision that supported me ? " Lear ca n't imagine some of his classic shows , such as All in the Family and Sanford and Son , being remade in his lifetime . He credits talented actors such as Carroll O'Connor , who played Family 's Archie Bunker , and Redd Foxx , Fred Sanford in Sanford . " I would n't know where to find those people , " he says . " They were indelible . " Lear hears from fans young and old who enjoy his classic shows . Some are " people who remember watching when they were kids with their parents , " he says . " At colleges around the country where there are courses in media , I hear from a lot of " younger people , too . Lear , who launched a podcast this year , remains busy with TV projects . He 's an executive producer of One Day at a Time , a Netflix reboot of his 1975-84 sitcom that now features a Latino family ; he 's a producer and correspondent on American Divided on Epix ; and he has a deal with NBC for Guess Who Died , a comedy focused on a group often neglected in entertainment , older people . Lear does n't plan to include Trump commentary in upcoming scripts . " I hope not , because I hope this president wo n't be there . "	Norman Lear wo n&apos;t miss President Trump at Sunday &apos;s Kennedy Center Honors
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) — Catcher Stephen Vogt agreed to a $ 3,065,000 , one-year contract with the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday , and right-hander Jeremy Jeffress reached a deal for a $ 1.7 million salary next season that with options could be worth up to $ 9,475,000 over three years plus additional bonuses.Milwaukee has a $ 3,175,000 option for 2019 and a $ 4.3 million option for 2020 in its deal with Jeffress , who can earn $ 1.2 million annually in performance bonuses based on games finished and $ 1 million a year based on innings.Right-hander Jared Hughes was not offered a contract and become a free agent.The 33-year-old Vogt caught 38 games for Milwaukee and played 45 in all for the club after being claimed off waivers from the Oakland Athletics in June , a key veteran pick up for the Brewers in the mind of manager Craig Counsell to complement a young roster . Milwaukee wound up 86-76 for second place in the NL Central and missed the playoffs for the sixth straight season.Between the A 's and Brewers , Vogt batted a combined .233 with 12 home runs , 15 doubles and 40 RBIs in 99 games . He is a two-time All-Star . Jeffress , who turned 30 on the final weekend of the season , was acquired from Texas at the July 31 trade deadline . He was 5-2 with a 4.68 ERA in 60 relief appearances and one start , including 4-0 with a 3.65 ERA in 22 appearances for the Brewers , He can earn $ 50,000 each for 15 and 20 games finished , $ 100,000 apiece for 25 and 30 , $ 150,000 each for 35 and 40 , $ 175,000 apiece for 45 and 50 , and $ 250,000 for 55 . His innings bonuses start at $ 25,000 for 20 , $ 50,000 each for 30 and 40 , $ 75,000 for 50 , $ 100,000 for 60 , $ 150,000 for 70 , $ 250,000 for 80 and $ 300,000 for 90 . The 32-year-old Hughes was 5-3 with a 3.02 ERA over 67 relief appearances in his first season with the Brewers after six years with Pittsburgh .	Vogt , Jeffress agree to deals with Brewers , who cut Hughes
Geraldo Rivera is sort of apologizing for allegedly groping Bette Midler back in the 1970s . The veteran actress/singer revisited the incident in a tweet posted on Thursday , November 30 , by sharing a 1991 clip of an interview with Barbara Walters in which she recalled Rivera and an unnamed producer groping her more than 30 years ago . In the 1991 clip , Midler called Rivera a " slimy talk show host " and said , " This was when [ Rivera ] was very , sort of , hot . And he and his producer left the crew in the other room , they pushed me into my bathroom , they broke two poppers and pushed them under my nose and proceeded to grope me . Groped me . I did not offer myself up on the altar of Geraldo Rivera . He was - he was unseemly . " The video resurfaced on the internet after Rivera defended Matt Lauer against sexual harassment allegations that led to his firing from " Today " . " Sad about @MLauer great guy , highly skilled &amp; empathetic w guests &amp; a real gentleman to my family &amp; me . News is a flirty business &amp; it seems like [ the ] current epidemic of #SexHarassmentAllegations may be criminalizing courtship &amp; conflating it [ with ] predation , " the Fox News reporter tweeted . After his controversial tweet drew backlash , Rivera subsequently apologized for it . He wrote , " Reaction to my tweets today on #sexharassment makes clear . I did n't sufficiently explain that this is a horrendous problem long hidden-Harassers are deviants who deserve what is coming to them-Often victims are too frightened to come forward in a timely fashion-I humbly apologize . " Midler then brought up the alleged groping incident in her tweet . " Geraldo may have apologized for his tweets supporting Matt Lauer , but he has yet to apologize for this , " she tweeted , adding the hashtag #MeToo . Rivera then responded to Midler 's tweet , writing on his own page , " 27 years ago I wrote a tawdry book depicting consensual events in 1973-45 years ago-I 've deeply regretted its distasteful &amp; disrespectful tone &amp; have refrained from speaking about it-I 'm embarrassed &amp; profoundly sorry to those mentioned-I have &amp; again apologize to anyone offended . " He added , " Although I recall the time @BetteMidler has alluded to much differently than she , that does not change the fact that she has a right to speak out &amp; demand an apology from me , for in the very least , publically embarrassing her all those years ago . Bette , I apologize . " While he has apologized to Midler , Rivera did n't acknowledge that he groped Midler in the 1970s , as he did n't mention what he apologized for and insisted that he remembers the incident " differently . "	Geraldo Rivera Apologizes for Allegedly Groping Bette Midler , After Defending Matt Lauer
There are bittersweet times we all have experienced when presumed winnings instantly are eaten by the toils of real life . You buy a scratch-off lotto ticket worth a few hundred , then find out your car needs repair work . You get to work early to finish up undone tasks , only to find a new project is in the offing . That fantasy player you have stashed is poised for a strong playoff run , then the team benches its iconic quarterback . Call it ironic , call it coincidence , paradox or bad luck . But it happens to everyone , and it happened to Sterling Shepard fantasy owners this week when it was announced Geno Smith was taking over for Giants quarterback Eli Manning . Shepard returned from an ankle injury in Week 9 , then had the breakout fantasy owners were waiting for in Week 10 — 11 receptions , 142 yards against the 49ers . Then came a two-week bout with migraines . Now , slated to returned this week , he has to adjust to a new QB , one much less accomplished . Of course this will turn our late-season secret weapon into a dud , right ? Well , let ’s take a look , because it is n’t as if Manning was lighting up the fantasy scoreboard for his receivers . First , we will compare their career totals . We gather per-game totals so we can calculate at what percentage of efficiency Geno has performed compared to Eli . We then take the Giants ’ offensive numbers so far and apply Geno ’s efficiency rate to calculate a projection . What we get is that Geno produces 90 percent of the fantasy production per game as Eli . Now , it would be easy to just take that number and apply it universally , but that ’s not how football works , so we take individual categories — completion percentage , yards per attempt , etc . — and compare the Geno-to-Eli rates to those . We come up with a projection closer to 80 percent . We average these two to get a working comp value of 85 percent . Then we apply this efficiency to Shepard . That leaves Shepard with a projected fantasy total of 12.7 in PPR formats , which ranks 29th among receivers — down from 14.9 , which would have been 12th . So Geno takes Shepard from a solid starter to a Flex option . And it happens right at fantasy playoff time , and just when you thought a boost was coming . But there is some good news . The Giants ’ schedule is n’t terrible for fantasy purposes — the Cowboys are weak versus WRs , the Giants could be playing from behind against the Eagles , and the Cardinals have been generous . And we likely will see some Davis Webb mixed in a well . Will he be any worse than Geno ? We do n’t think so . Do n’t give up on Shepard just yet . There still could be an ironic uptick later . Big Weeks Case Keenum QB , Vikings , at Falcons ( FanDuel $ 7,600 / DraftKings $ 6,000 ) Is in the top six fantasy QBs over the past four weeks — better than Tom Brady and Carson Wentz . The Falcons are a run-of-the-mill defense against QBs . Dion Lewis RB , Patriots , vs. Bills ( FD $ 6,300 / DK $ 5,500 ) One of the most consistent fantasy RBs , with double-digit touches each of the past six games . Bills give up the third-most fantasy points to RBs . Marshawn Lynch RB , Raiders , vs. Giants ( FD $ 6,200 / DK $ 4,800 ) Bruising RB on team fighting for playoff spot against team that gives up second-most rushing yards per game and could turn in a half-hearted performance ? Yep , we ’re in . Corey Coleman WR , Brown , at Chargers ( FD $ 5,800 / DK $ 4,300 ) The Josh Gordon Hype Train is out of control . But that is good news for Coleman , who could see less attention from otherwise stout secondary . Small Weaks Ben Roethlisberger QB , Steelers , at Bengals ( FD $ 7,600 / DK $ 6,300 ) In 12 career games at Cincinnati , Roethlisberger averages slightly more than 11 fantasy points per game . Matthew Stafford QB , Lions , at Ravens ( FD $ 7,700 / DK $ 5,800 ) Call us kooky , but we do n’t trust Detroit on the road against a formidable defense . Some history you just ca n’t shake . Ravens have not allowed a passing TD in four of their past five games . Devonta Freeman RB , Falcons , vs. Vikings ( FD $ 6,500 / DK $ 5,700 ) Coming off another concussion , against the stiffest defense versus fantasy RBs , with a capable backup at the ready . Check the “ no ” box if you have a decent alternative . Jarvis Landry WR , Dolphins , vs. Broncos ( FD $ 6,900 / DK $ 5,900 ) Jay Cutler is back , and he prefers DeVante Parker . Plus , Landry could be matched up against CB Chris Harris Jr . The Decision Post fantasy Madman Drew Loftis and Roto Rage Jarad Wilk debate whom you should start this week : Cordarrelle Patterson vs. Seth Roberts Drew : Patterson — Reasonably confident at least one of these guys will pop , with top Raiders targets Amari Cooper ( concussion ) and Michael Crabtree ( suspension ) out and facing a bad , banged-up Giants pass defense that could battle motivation problems . In a virtual coin flip , give us the more talented player , who has better chance of delivering a big play . Jarad : Roberts — He has n’t scored since Week 1 and has had more than 40 yards receiving just once this season , but he should get chances against a defense allowing the third most fantasy points . Though his numbers do n’t jump out at you , he played 93 percent of the snaps when Crabtree was out in Week 4 , and there have been four other time he has been on the field for 80 percent or more of the Raiders ’ snaps . It may be a coin toss , but the best bet is the guy who ’s on the field the most . Last Week : Jarad 7.8 ( Marcus Mariota — 184 yards passing , one TD , two INTs , 4 yards rushing ) , Drew 7.4 ( Jacoby Brissett — 196 passing yards , 16 rushing yards ) Season : Drew leads series , 7-5 Tweet of the Week Week 13 streaming Ds Bears , Saints , Raiders , Broncos , Titans	Why Sterling Shepard wo n’t take the fantasy hit you ’re fearing
First Period_1 , Winnipeg , Myers 4 ( Ehlers , Little ) , 4:49 ( pp ) . 2 , Vegas , Eakin 4 ( Miller , Leipsic ) , 12:51 . 3 , Vegas , Karlsson 14 ( Smith , Schmidt ) , 16:49 . Penalties_Eakin , VGK , ( hooking ) , 3:17 ; Chiarot , WPG , ( hooking ) , 5:11 . Second Period_4 , Winnipeg , Hendricks 3 ( Myers , Perreault ) , 13:21 . Penalties_Morrissey , WPG , ( interference ) , 8:30 ; McNabb , VGK , ( tripping ) , 14:13 ; Lindberg , VGK , ( high sticking ) , 19:39 . Third Period_5 , Winnipeg , Connor 8 ( Scheifele , Laine ) , 0:33 ( pp ) . 6 , Winnipeg , Laine 12 ( Wheeler ) , 2:48 ( pp ) . 7 , Winnipeg , Ehlers 11 ( Laine , Morrissey ) , 6:16 . 8 , Vegas , Haula 8 ( McNabb , Tuch ) , 6:35 . 9 , Winnipeg , Scheifele 13 ( Wheeler , Morrissey ) , 14:53 . 10 , Vegas , Miller 4 ( Marchessault , Merrill ) , 16:16 . 11 , Winnipeg , Connor 9 ( Wheeler , Scheifele ) , 18:52 . Penalties_Miller , VGK , ( holding ) , 0:54 ; Chiarot , WPG , ( hooking ) , 13:07 ; Vegas bench , served by Leipsic ( too many men on the ice ) , 14:48 ; Byfuglien , WPG , ( hooking ) , 15:17 ; Byfuglien , WPG , ( slashing ) , 19:18 . Shots on Goal_Vegas 17-7-7_31 . Winnipeg 14-15-9_38 . Power-play opportunities_Vegas 0 of 5 ; Winnipeg 3 of 5 . Goalies_Vegas , Lagace 5-5-1 ( 37 shots-31 saves ) . Winnipeg , Hellebuyck 13-2-3 ( 31-27 ) . A_15,321 ( 15,294 ) . T_2:42 . Referees_Steve Kozari , TJ Luxmore . Linesmen_Bryan Pancich , Vaughan Rody .	Golden Knights-Jets Sums
THERESA May has not had many good weeks since her election debacle . The last two , though , have been exceptions . EPAFor once , the Budget did not unravel . At long last there were concrete measures on tax and duty to help the “ just about managings ” . No huge giveaways , admittedly . . . but every little helps . Last Monday the Government ’s new ­industrial strategy , focusing on technical skills and extra spending on infrastructure and research , went down well — even with some on the Left . Then Mrs May upped our Brexit offer to the EU , aiming to persuade Brussels to begin trade talks . She was right to do so . But the crunch is now coming . The PM meets Jean-Claude Juncker for a pivotal lunch on Monday to discuss progress . Previous occasions have ended with Brussels leaking mocking abuse about Britain to friendly reporters . Mrs May should take any repeat as a hostile act and prepare to walk away . The EU is at a crossroads . It can accept our offer and begin negotiating seriously for the benefit of hundreds of millions of people . Or it can carry on throwing up obstacles and insulting Britain , as Michel Barnier did this week . The omens are not great . Brussels has given Ireland the nod to veto progress . If that happens , Mrs May must have the courage to pull the plug . She has huge problems to sort here at home . She should assume a “ no deal ” and shift her focus away from Brexit and on to those . Trump chumps DONALD Trump ’s tweets are often ­ill - judged and offensive . But the argument does n’t end there . Trump is the temporary holder of an office far greater than him . He leads the world ’s biggest superpower and our No1 ally . It ’s his position Britain should honour . A state visit should still go ahead . It was depressing to witness the arms race of virtue-signalling in the Commons as MPs competed to denounce Trump ever more viciously . Some of it , disgracefully , was aimed at undermining a future US trade deal post-Brexit . Alamy Live NewsWe reckon Theresa May ’s criticism of him was succinct and fair . But it is notable that the current darling of the liberal left , French president Emmanuel ­Macron — who also hosted Trump for Bastille Day in July — has said nothing . He plainly respects the leader of the free world , whoever it is . We should too . Cash for kids WITH the Christmas countdown truly under way , spare a thought for those who will spend it caring for their kids with cancer . Our Smiles at Christmas campaign is raising cash for the Clic Sargent charity , providing accommodation near hospitals for sick children and their families — plus nursing care there or at home . It is a fantastic cause .	Theresa May needs courage as she faces obstacles in the EU debate
Categories : Content News WWJTV Fatal Hit-and-Run in DetroitA surveillance camera caught this fatal hit-and-run that occurred on Thursday night on Warren Road in Detroit.News Conference With Conyers ' AttorneyAttorney Arnold Reed says Rep. John Conyers will discuss in coming days whether to resign ; stressing that the congressman 's health is paramount issue.Two Additional Persons Of Interest Sought In East Side MurderDetroit police have released new video of two additional persons of interest wanted in connection with a fatal shooting on the city 's east side . A homicide investigation began shortly after 2 p.m. Sunday , Nov. 26 after a 42-year-old man was found dead at Rossiter Street and Britain , in a neighborhood near Moross and I-94 . Family Members Defend John ConyersWWJ 's Mike Campbell reports from outside the Conyers ' Detroit home , where family members spoke with reporters about sexual harassment claims against the Congressman.All new Jeep Wrangler makes its debut at LA Auto Show todayAll new Jeep Wrangler makes its debut at LA Auto Show todayEye On Detroit - Swoops Food PantrySwoops Food Pantry on the campus of Eastern Michigan UniversityCW50 Intern Jordan Brown talks about 2017 Holiday light shows in Metro DetroitCW50 Intern Jordan Brown talks about 2017 holiday light shows in Metro DetroitStreet Beat : Hunger And HomelessnessThis week on Street Beat , host Lisa Germani examines the issues facing the hungry and homeless in metro Detroit . First , Community Foundation for Southeast Michigan is working to combat hunger and promote a healthy lifestyle with their Healthy Food Connect Initiative . Melissa Smiley , the Special Assistant and Strategy Officer for the Foundation , explains . Then , John Owens , Director of Communications , and Darryl Anderson , the Agency Relations Manager for Forgotten Harvest , tell us how Forgotten Harvest is rescuing food and feeding the hungry . Then , South Oakland Shelter takes care of those without a safe place to sleep and works to end the homelessness of individuals and families . President and CEO Ryan Hertz shares the details . Finally , Mariners Inn CEO David Sampson explains their fight to end homelessness is in the city of Detroit.First Forecast Tonight - Friday December 1 , 2017Today 's High : 49 , above-normal and warmer temps are expected to continue through Tuesday . Next chance for rain : Monday , and temps will drop into the 30 's by Wednesday . We even have a chance for snow by next ThursdayFirst Forecast Today - Friday December 1 , 2017Sunshine and a High of 46 , then mostly clear tonight with a low of 32 . Winds will be calmMore Videos Categories SportsWeatherNews	Fatal Hit-and-Run in Detroit
When I was 18 , I experienced my first drive with a police escort going to my grandfather ’s funeral . “ Rhode Island ’s Foremost Citizen Is Dead ” splashed the front page of the Providence Journal . Lengthy obituaries listed all the famous buildings in the world he had saved , his preservation efforts in his home town , his exploits as one of the WWII “ Monuments Men , ” his endeavors to desegregate the US Navy as Assistant Secretary in the Truman Administration , and many personal anecdotes about his generosity . My grandfather , who called himself a “ professional philanthropist , ” truly believed that art and culture could transform the human experience.A decade later , I sat at Christie ’s Auctioneers in New York , watching the sale of my father ’s magnificent 18th century mahogany bookcase-on-desk . The price rocketed to $ 12.1 million — the highest ever paid for a piece of furniture . My father donated the entire amount to restore our family ’s 1792 house in Providence — though he could easily have kept the proceeds , restored the house , paid the capital gains tax , and saved a nice chunk of the money for himself . The he presented the house and an endowment to Brown University.Ten years later , I was again seated in a crowded hall with a large press presence . Brown University had appointed the first African-American president of an Ivy League institution , and Ruth Simmons had created a “ Standing Committee on Slavery and Justice ” to examine the origins of the university . Its first public event in Spring 2004 was entitled “ Unearthing the Past : Brown University , the Brown Family , and the Rhode Island Slave Trade . ” One of the speakers came up to the microphone and announced : “ there were no good Browns . ” That felt like a punch in the stomach . All I had experienced of the Brown family was philanthropy and public service ( my uncle J. Carter Brown was director of the National Gallery of Art and my father was a Naval officer for thirty years , then ran several non-profits ) . Had I been fed a bunch of lies ? Was all this philanthropy atoning for the actions of generations 300 years earlier?The Steering Committee ’s concluding report in 2006 devoted half its pages to the Brown family . The media had a field day with my 18th century ancestors , including a five-day series on slavery in the Providence Journal , a 2005 New Yorker piece by Pulitzer-prize winner Frances Fitzgerald , and a successful book “ Sons of Providence — The Brown Brothers , the Slave Trade and the Revolution . ” The Wikipedia entry for Rhode Island now read “ In the late 18th century , several Rhode Island merchant families began actively engaging in the triangle slave trade . Notable among these was the Brown family . ” The Brown family had become the poster child for the evils of the slave trade . On one radio show , a caller asked , “ Do n’t you think that the Browns owe the descendants of [ slaves ] something ? ” This perception continues today.So what ’s the real story ? My ancestors arrived in Rhode Island in 1638 and by the late 18th century had become successful merchants in an Atlantic economy fueled by the slave trade . Four times in the course of that century , they invested in slaving voyages , ill-advised “ get-rich-quick ” schemes that all ended badly . All but one ( not my direct ancestor ) gave up slave trading by 1765 and emancipated their slaves just before and after the Revolution . In the 19th century , they worked hard to support Freed Blacks , abolition , and Reconstruction ; then desegregation in the 20th century . BUT , and this is the catch , Rhode Island was the biggest slave-trading colony in America , controlling the lion ’s share of the Triangular Trade . Almost 700 families undertook over 900 voyages . And after slave trading was outlawed , illegal slaving by Rhode Islanders continued well into the 19th century . So any successful merchant would have benefitted directly or indirectly from slavery . Evil needed a face and that face was my family.It ’s a lot more comfortable to blame a few rich , white men for an evil in which almost every New Englander was complicit . The College of Rhode Island was founded in 1762 by the Baptist Society of Philadelphia and implanted in Providence ( rather than the more prosperous Newport ) thanks to an intensive lobbying effort by my ancestors who gave the land and first college building ( it was only renamed Brown University in 1804 in honor of a later ancestor ) . Funds for the fledgling university were raised all up and down the Eastern seaboard — and thus every penny was derived directly or indirectly from the slave trade . As noted in a The New York Times editorial of October 23rd , 2006 : “ Brown [ University ] did indeed benefit in its early years from money generated by the slave trade and by industries dependent on slavery . It did so in an era when slavery permeated the social and economic life of Rhode Island . ” Our extensive family archive is housed on Brown ’s campus or nearby , making it much easier to focus on one family in a sensationalist manner , despite President Simmon ’s charge that the Steering Committee “ might help the nation and the Brown community think deeply , seriously , and rigorously about the issues raised in the emerging debate over slavery and reparations . ” My initial reaction was to think , “ we are being punished for our success . ” I even envied people who could claim that their grandfather arrived penniless in America and knew nothing about their ancestors ! But I undertook 12 long years of research and discovered a fascinating story over eleven generations that actually mirrors the history of how Americans give . This initiative culminated in my book “ Grappling With Legacy — Rhode Island ’s Brown Family and the American Philanthropic Impulse . ” I wanted to show how the Brown family ’s view of “ doing good ” evolved over eleven generations alongside America ’s attitudes towards giving through the centuries . I also wanted to show that judging the past through 21st century eyes serves little purpose.Nothing can erase the past , but we can learn from it to make thoughtful choices and to effect positive change in the present . Every family is made up of stories it can be proud of , and stories it wishes had never happened . We all have skeletons in our family closets — I just happen to know what mine are . But where does the sense of guilt end ? With ridiculous questions such as “ Is it worse to be the grand-daughter of a Nazi officer , a tobacco manufacturer or a rapist ” ? Despite the Judeo-Christian belief in atonement , I do not consider it useful or even possible to expiate mistakes made by our forefathers . Part of our legacy is what we have in our DNA , but the other , vital , part is what we choose to do with the values and examples that our families have instilled in us.I do believe that we all have an obligation to ask ourselves hard questions about making the biggest possible difference in the world today . If we allow ourselves to be haunted by the past , we will never have the energy to work for a better future . Personally , I am very concerned about the 45 million slaves on this planet — far more than in the 18th century — and the political and economic instability that is pushing thousands of people weekly into the hands of traffickers.Writing my book was therapeutic because it allowed me to correct misrepresentations and establish accurate facts — warts and all . But my legacy will be my actions and what I do to make the world a better place .	Skeletons in the Closet
In the United States , net neutrality is the umbrella term for the a set of laws that ensure we have equal access to all content across the web . Whether you ’re streaming videos on Netflix , scrolling for the perfect GIF , or setting up your own website , it should all load equally , at the same speed , every time.Net neutrality laws were implemented to preserve what ’s called the “ Dumb Pipe . ” The way things are right now , internet cables and wifi routers , like water pipes in a city , do n’t have any control over what flows through them . The current laws force ISPs to treat your internet like water , and make companies like Verizon or Comcast the water company . It was only in 2015 that the Federal Communications Commission actually set net neutrality laws . They classified Internet Service Providers as “ common carriers ” — AKA Dumb Pipes — and not “ information providers . ” This way , ISPs can only provide internet access , not control what websites you visit or how fast sites load.But now that might change — thanks to politics . In November , the FCC Chairman Ajit Pai announced a new plan aimed at gutting net neutrality rules . Of the five FCC commissioners , three are Republicans — including Pai , who was appointed by President Trump in January . The Republican argument is that net neutrality inhibits ISPs from making money and affording innovation . ISPs , for their part , say they do n’t want to be treated as a simple utility . As dumb pipe providers , they are n’t able to control internet speed based on what sites you load up , and thus can not sell faster service to large companies capable of paying more.Given that the FCC has a Republican majority , it ’s likely that Pai ’s plan will move ahead . But internet activists and tech companies say that a tiered internet , where sites have to pay more to load faster , will actually slow down entrepreneurship . It ’ll be tougher to start your own website , for example , and the rest of us will have trouble accessing small websites that do n’t have the cash to get in an ISP ’s “ Fast Lane . ” If you think the internet should be treated like an equal utility for everyone , you can help put the heat on the FCC right now . Call your congressional representative . Tweet at them . There ’s a full guide at Battle for the Net .	Net Neutrality : Make Congress Treat the Internet Like a Utility
I forgot the agency report . Due at 5PM . Went to get Dad ’s wine for a Christmas present . Walked . Drank Vitamin water . Snacked on Goldfish . Mind racing . Mind racing . Dead possum . Dead . Dead . Ca n’t reach parents . Nor Kiki . Is something wrong ? I hope not . They have n’t answered the phone for the past 8 hours . House . Cell . Work . Nothing . San Francisco Mental Health Board retreat tomorrow . Not ready . Not ready . Not ready . Not ready . How was I supposed to prepare ? Can I prepare anything ? What time is it ? Should I watch tv ? The music I ’m listening to is stimulating , but I do n’t care . Jordin Sparks . Dinner ? Aki is walking so far to just get us some groceries . Should I have gone ? Ok , homework . Homework . That ’s what I ’m supposed to be doing . Doing . Doing . Doing . Doing . Goldfish . Yes that tasted good . Ok . Ok . Ok . Shy boy . Wait , what am I thinking?Yes . This is my brain right now , and it ’s just because I ’m nervous about one thing . The San Francisco ’s Mental Health Board retreat . Ok , you do n’t understand . I ’m the youngest on the board , and I feel because of this I have this weight to act in some way , to be impressive , and to be outstanding and to contribute something spectacular tomorrow and at every meeting . Everyone is looking at me I feel like to obtain new ideas , “ younger ” ideas to the board , and truthfully I feel like I ca n’t fulfill that every meeting . I just feel like there ’s some expectation . I ’m scared . And the thing is , is that it most likely will just be 14 people sitting around a table , listening , contributing , and having a fun time.But still … my brain thinks not . It thinks it ’s going to be some torturous experience with expectations I ca n’t fulfill.We are going to stop here because this is where I switch my thinking . It helps to write these things out : ) There is a reason why I was picked to be on the mental health board , and I have to pay attention to this . I have special qualities and experiences that I can contribute to the board , maybe not all the time , but just being who I am is enough . I wish I had a t-shirt that said “ You are enough ” because when I think about it , I am . I am enough . And my anxiety immediately goes down after I say “ I am enough ” several times . Tomorrow , I know what is happening at the meeting because we got an agenda several weeks ago , and by the end of tonight , I will have prepared some notes for the presentation that is only 2.5 minutes that I will have to give to the board.Anxiety is a crazy bitch to handle with , but sometimes we need a reality check.My thoughts now : Tomorrow is the mental health board retreat and I am ready for it . I am ready for it . I am prepared and it ’s going to be fun and a learning experience.Now I know , sometimes our mind just ca n’t handle a situation and that ’s okay too . We just have to remind ourselves that things are often temporary . Things get better with time and often things are happening because they are meant to occur .	Anxiety When Everything Is Actually 100 % Going The Way It Should
[ This post contains a slight grab bag of summaries , clustered around the dual focal points of semi-supervised learning and AI safety/stability concerns . Curious about why these posts are all associated with days of the month ? Check out this explanation here ] Day 1 : PixelDefendThis paper positions itself to address an issue that ’s been the area of no small amount of recent interest in the machine learning community : the problem of adversarial examples . The paper makes the claim that it can use generative modeling to create a straightforward way of identifying these examples , and can “ scrub ” images to make them less pathological.The basic theory of these adversarial examples is that , particularly if you have some degree of knowledge about a model ’s internal parameters , you can add noise to images ( and possibly other things , but most of the research has been focused on images ) to generate pathological examples that look normal to humans , but are likely to be misclassified by the model . If you ’ve seen one of those weird cases where you have two pictures of a panda that look identical to you , but where one of them is classified confidently as a gibbon , that ’s the thing we ’re talking about here . Some ways that people have tried generating these adversarial examples are : Good old random noise , where you randomly add some small amount of pixel-noise to the imageFast Gradient Sign Method , where you calculate the gradient of the classification loss function with respect to the pixels in the image , and then move the pixels in the opposing directionBasic Iterative Method , which is basically FSGM from above , but applied multiple times , so that you essentially do gradient descent in reverse , by adapting the pixels , for multiple stepsTwo other methods called Deep Fool and Carlini-Wagner , which I will be honest and say I do n’t particularly understand , but which both apparently involve actually framing the optimization problem of “ how can I cause this label to change by changing the fewest pixels ” , and just solve that optimizationThe basic thesis of the paper is that these deviations seem small to humans , but actually push the data off of the manifold . The notion of a manifold is a bit complicated , but a decent first-order explanation is “ the places within high-dimensional space that actually have any probability density in the input distribution ” . Therefore , by adding these pathological bits of noise , the paper posits that the examples move into a low probability region of the distribution that generated the training data . That is to say : it becomes an example that was unlikely to be drawn from the underlying distribution that created the training set . Therefore , as the intuition of the paper goes , if you can get a good model of the full distribution of the training set , you could test these examples against such a model , and have the model return consistently low probabilities.To evaluate this , the authors train a generative model of images ( a PixelCNN , which I will leave abstracted as “ a generative model which is designed to be able to tractably compute likelihoods ” for now ) , and evaluate the likelihood under the generative model on those adversarial images . Note , for the uninitiated : “ likelihood ” , in this context , means “ the probability of a sample X , under the model I ’ve learned from the training set ” . Generative They find that a PixelCNN rates these adversarial inputs as very abnormal with regard to the input training distributions , and gives likelihoods that are , depending on the class of adversarial example , up to an order of magnitude smaller than for the clean data . They can empirically use these likelihoods to calculate p-values that will be disproportionately low for the adversarial examples , allowing them to be identified as unrepresentative of the training set , even if a human would have a hard time making that judgment.In addition the paper builds on this discovery by claiming that it can further use this generative model to “ scrub ” incoming images by adding a limited amount of noise , in such a way as to push the incoming image into a region better represented by the training data . They gloss over the actual solving of this optimization problem , other than saying it ’s intractable to compute exactly , and that they use a greedy approximation , and so I think I ’m going to follow suit.In conclusion , this is an idea that has a lot of elegance to it , in addition to its apparant empirical successes : the core tenant of machine learning is that you only expect your classifier to perform well on distributions similar to the training set , and so you would want to be less trusting of your classifier ’s outputs for examples that are low probability under the training set . One caveat to this positivity is that , while the method worked dramatically well for random , FGSM , and BIM , the two methods that trick the network using a computationally intense “ reverse optimization ” against the network were more difficult , with only about half being caught due to sufficiently low p-value . Then again , as the paper argues , such examples are exceptionally time consuming ( think : 10 hours to generate 100 of them ) , and so are likely less of a near-term threat.Day 2 : Ladder NetworksThis summary draws from two papers , the original Ladder Network paper from Nov 2015 , and Deconstructing the Ladder Network , from May 2016 . The latter ( pun entirely intended ) does a great job of diving into the conclusions of the former , and answering questions in the vein of “ which components of this new architecture are primarily responsible for it ’s success ” . The core goal of the ladder network is to answer a key question in ML : how can one effectively use unlabeled data to get better models of the world , and , consequently , achieve better predictive performance from a smaller number of labels . This paper specifically sits in the domain of semi-supervised learning : a paradigm that makes use of labels ( in contrast to fully unsupervised learning ) , but where the number of labeled datapoints is considerably smaller than the number unlabeled ones . ( For an order of magnitude estimate , the core experiments in this paper were done with 100 and 1000 labeled examples , out of a full dataset size of 60,000 . The key idea of this paper is to combine unsupervised and supervised components into a single infrastructure , and have your cost function reflect elements of both . Their specific approach to accomplishing this involved forcing the network to , at each layer , reconstruct itself based on a noisy version of itself , combined with activations from higher levels of the network . The logic behind why this approach is a plausible one comes from the success of the Denoising Autoencoder , which posits that , by forcing a network to reconstruct a version of the input that has had noise added to it , the network will need to learn some kind of ( implicit ) probability model of the data , such that it can know the best direction to “ push ” the noisy inputs in.The same logic applies in this case , except that instead of trying to reconstruct the inputs based on a single hidden layer , you have a multi-layer network , where each layer is being reconstructed using the hidden units on the layer above , on upward until you hit the predicted output . In addition to reconstructing based on the hidden units of the layer above , this model also includes “ skip connections ” between the encoder and decoder version of each layer . The rationale for this is that if the decoder has direct access to the noisy version of it ’s own layer ’s input in addition to the compressed representations of higher layers , it can pull the fine-grained details from the former , freeing up the higher-level compressions to compress more abstract , high-level features . This theory came from the fact that , in prior usages of denoising autoencoders , they would fall into the failure mode of spending a lot of the capacity of the hidden layers representing details , rather than the kinds of high-level features one might hope would be captured in a latent space.This network , or , this stack of autoencoders , is then connected to an output layer at the top , so that , on iterations when you do have labels available , you have an accuracy loss you can train on . Putting it all together , the network trains on a combination of accuracy loss ( calculated between the final output and the true label ) , and reconstruction loss ( calculated on each layer , based on how well it can use the noisy version of itself and the signals from the upper layers to reconstruct the “ clean ” or non-noisy version of itself ) . When a group working with Yoshua Bengio analyzed the different components of the network to see which ones contributed most to the network ’s effectiveness , and found that the “ lateral connections ” ( which is to say : the connections between the encoder and decoder versions of a given layer , that try to give the decoder access to detail information ) were by far the most important element in allowing the network to perform well on semi-supervised problems . Interestingly , when it came to performance on supervised problems , it looks like a lot of the performance boost comes from adding noise to the network at various layers , which is thought to add a regularizing effect.Day 6 : Prototypical NetworksOr “ A Tale of New Classes ” This summary focuses on an approach called Prototypical Networks , which is an architecture designed for generating class predictions based on a set of features in situations where you may only have a few examples per class , or , even where you see entirely new classes at test time . Some prior work has approached this problem in ridiculously complex fashion , up to and including training a network to predict the gradient outputs of a meta-network that it thinks would best optimize loss , given a new class . The method of Prototypical Networks prides itself on being much simpler , and more intuitive , so I hope I ’ll be able to convey that in this explanation . In order to think about this problem properly , it makes sense to take a few steps back , and think about some fundamental assumptions that underly machine learning.One very basic one is that you need some notion of similarity between observations in your training set , and potential new observations in your test set , in order to properly generalize . To put it very simplistically , if a test example is very similar to examples of class A that we saw in training , we might predict it to be of class A at testing . But what does it * mean * for two observations to be similar to one another ? If you ’re using a method like K Nearest Neighbors , you calculate a point ’s class identity based on the closest training-set observations to it in Euclidean space , and you assume that nearness in that space corresponds to likelihood of two data points having come the same class . This is useful for the use case of having new classes show up after training , since , well , there is n’t really a training period : the strategy for KNN is just carrying your whole training set around , and , whenever a new test point comes along , calculating it ’s closest neighbors among those training-set points . If you see a new class in the wild , all you need to do is add the examples of that class to your group of training set points , and then after a few examples , if your assumptions hold , you ’ll be able to predict that class by ( hopefully ) finding those two or three points as neighbors . But what if some dimensions of your feature space matter much more than others for differentiating between classes ? In a simplistic example , you could have twenty features , but , unbeknownst to you , only one is actually useful for separating out your classes , and the other 19 are random . If you use the naive KNN assumption , you would n’t expect to perform well here , because you will have distances in these 19 meaningless directions spreading out your points , due to randomness , more than the meaningful dimension spread them out due to belonging to different classes . And what if you want to be able to learn non-linear relationships between your features , which the composability of multi-layer neural networks lends itself well to ? In cases like those , the features you were handed may be a woefully suboptimal metric space in which to calculate a kind of similarity that corresponds to differences in class identity , so you ’ll just have to strike out for the territories and create a metric space for yourself.That is , at a very high level , what this paper seeks to do : learn a transformation between input features and some vector space , such that distances in that vector space correspond as well as possible to probabilities of belonging to a given output class . You may notice me using “ vector space ” and “ embedding ” similarity ; they are the same idea : the result of that learned transformation , which represents your input observations as dense vectors in some p-dimensional space , where p is a chosen hyperparameter.What are the concrete learning steps this architecture goes through?During each training episode , sample a subset of classes , and then divide those classes into training examples , and query examplesUsing a set of weights that are being learned by the network , map the input features of each training example into a vector space.Once all training examples are mapped into the space , calculate a “ mean vector ” for class A by averaging all of the embeddings of training examples that belong to class A. This is the “ prototype ” for class A , and once we have it , we can forget the values of the embedded examples that were averaged to create it . This is a nice update on the KNN approach , since the number of parameters we need to carry around to evaluate is only ( num-dimensions ) * ( num-classes ) , rather than ( num-dimensions ) * ( num-training-examples ) . Then , for each query example , map it into the embedding space , and use a distance metric in that space to create a softmax over possible classes . ( You can just think of a softmax as a network ’s predicted probability , it ’s a set of floats that add up to 1 ) . Then , you can calculate the ( cross-entropy ) error between the true output and that softmax prediction vector in the same way as you would for any classification networkAdd up the prediction loss for all the query examples , and then backpropogate through the network to update your weightsThe overall effect of this process is to incentivize your network to learn , not necessarily a good prediction function , but a good metric space . The idea is that , if the metric space is good enough , and the classes are conceptually similar to each other ( i.e. car vs chair , as opposed to car vs the-meaning-of-life ) , a space that does well at causing similar observed classes to be close to one another will do the same for classes not seen during training.I admit to not being sufficiently familiar with the datasets used for testing to have a sense for how well this method compares to more fully supervised classification schemes ; if anyone does , definitely let me know ! But the paper claims to get state of the art results compared to other approaches in this domain of few-shot learning ( matching networks , and the aforementioned meta-learning ) . One interesting note is that the authors found that squared Euclidean distance , when applied within the embedded space , worked meaningfully better than cosine distance ( which is a more standard way of measuring distances between vectors , since it measures only angle , rather than magnitude ) . They suspect that this is because Euclidean distance , but not cosine distance belongs to a category of divergence/distance metrics ( called Bregman Divergences ) that have a special set of properties such that the point closest on aggregate to all points in a cluster is the average of all those points . If you want to dive way deep into the minutia on this point , I found this blog post quite goodDay 11 : DeViSEOr “ A painfully contrived name for a thought-provoking idea of predicting into embedding space ” Tonight I ’m focusing on an older , less well known , paper that I became fascinated by earlier this year , admittedly , mostly as a function of how fascinated I am by the overall idea of embeddings . Embeddings have come up in almost all of the papers I ’ve discussed in the last 10 days ; the idea of situating observations within a vector space with directional meaning , as opposed to a basic one-hot-encoding system ( i.e. zeros everywhere but the true-label location , where there ’s a 1 ) , is becoming a foundational ML idea . To get an intuition for the superiority of vector representations over one-hot-encoded ones , consider the question of trying to predict the winter temperature of a place , given only the name of a city . Now , consider trying to predict it using that city ’s latitude and longitude . The former requires much more data , because in order to generalize about , say , Pittsburgh , you need to have a large deal of data on Pittsburgh specifically , because the network has no way of knowing that , say , Morgantown , WV is geographically close by , and that we can expect the winter temperatures to be similar . That ’s because , in one-hot-encoded space , Pittsburgh and Morgantown are just as different from one another as Pittsburgh and San Francisco are . By contrast , if you represent the cities in lat/long , you can calculate similarities in a way that ’s meaningful for your problem , and allows you to more easily transfer information across classes.Now , after that excessively long intro : the actual work of the paper . The goal of this paper was to solve the problem of most classification systems only being able to classify according to discrete , pre-determined classes , without much ability to generalize on new labels . To solve this , they came up with an ingenious approach . After training a convolutional network in the standard way ( i.e. on discrete ImageNet labels ) , they took those trained weights of the lower layers of that network ( that is : the ones that go from raw pixels to conceptual image-features ) , and connectedThem to a new top-level objective function : generating a vector that is as close as possible to the unsupervised word vector that corresponds to that label . This allows the network to learn a mapping between image-features and the conceptual information capture in the ~ 300-dimensional word vector space . To get a sense of why this would be valuable , consider a network that has only ever seen one musical instrument , the cello . If you showed it a violin , it would have no way to represent a guess that corresponds to the intuition of “ sort of like a cello , but not really ” . All it can do is give a probability on “ cello ” , and one on “ house ” , and “ cat ” , and so forth . By contrast , if a network has been trained to predict the word vector for cello , then you would hope that that transformation would also create a more-or-less correct word vector for violin , and as long as violin exists in your set of known word vectors , you could register a prediction for this item being a violin , because “ violin ” is one of it ’s nearby vectors in word-space . I think we ’re going to end up seeing a lot more work in this area , especially as we start trying to use unsupervised or variously-supervised data to solve problems . An example of the former : the unsupervised translation problem I discussed early ( day 2 or 3 ) where the solution was to map utterances into a shared embedding space . An example of the latter : a really cool paper that built models to map sketches , full drawings , and 3d renderings into word-embedding space , and then was able to find similar visuals to the input visual , in a way that was able to find the sketch that was most close to a given 3d rendering ( for example ) . Day 30 : Concrete Problems in AI SafetyI ’ve been on record in the past as being less than fully convinced by some of the more rationalist-median views on the primacy of AI safety as a cause area . That said , skepticism about the total centrality of the cause does n’t mean I do n’t find problems of how to safely integrate AI into human life worthy of interest and consideration ; the questions raised in this paper strike me as excellent ones.Because this paper is constructed of many small seeds of ideas , instead of one overarching one , I ’ll give an overview of their main areas of consideration , and then dive in on just a few ideas of the ideas the authors float , for how to move forward in these areas.At a high level , the areas of potential concern addressed by the paper are : Side Effects : Cases where pursuit of an objective function engenders negative side effects , since they were n’t explicitly disincentivedMost of the ideas presented by the authors in this section revolved around trying to incentivize agents to have a minimal impact on the environment . The idea with this is that an action would have to be more useful in the accomplishment of an objective function in order for it to be worth paying the price of disturbing the environment.One naive approach that was suggested was to include in the objective function a regularization term that penalizes distance between the current state of the world and the state of the world that is expected after the agent completes its action . However , they note , this could have the perverse consequence of incentivizing any other actor from moving in the environment , since that would also cause the environment to change state.Possibly you could try to localize regularization term to be very temporally specific , and apply on the specific margin of an agent making a decision ( i.e. the status quo would be the state at the moment of decision ) ; that might alleviate the concern about there being an incentive to keep the environment totally constant.Another idea , pretty conceptually similar to this but more focused around the cost of changes than preserving the status quo , is to give the agent a prior that any move it makes is going to be negative in reward , meaning that it will be more likely to default to doing nothing if it does n’t have a strong belief that the action in question increases it ’s rewardThe authors also suggest building in a notion of multi-agent interaction into the AI , and then training it to not engage in side effects that it believes would be disapproved of by the human agent , either by learning to predict the kinds of side effects that would be disapproved of , or by querying humans directly . ( The latter , though , has the obvious consequence of making it difficult to have an artificial agent operate in any kind of functionally autonomous way ) 2 . Reward Hacking : Cases where there exist ways to “ reward hack ” ( in some ways , this is a subset of ( 1 ) , but it specifically addresses ways in which the AI could directly interfere with the ways in which it ’s reward is being delivered ( closing it ’s eyes so as not to see a dirty floor , breaking the system that tallies up scores for a game it ’s playing ) None of the proposals presented here seemed particularly compelling to me , including “ trip wires ” that just directly set up pits of strong negative reward ( or even shutoff ) around behaviors you would expect to be involved in reward hacking . However , that only protects you against the behaviors you can anticipate in advance.Another theory was “ adversarial blinding ” , trying to obfuscate the mechanics of how the reward is generated , so that the agent ca n’t interfere with it ; this also seems difficult and very situationally-dependent in practice3 . Scalable Oversight : Cases where the true reward or feedback we want to give is costly ( for example : involves a human in the loop ) , and so it does n’t scale well to the frequency of examples needed for effective training.The idea proposed under this section was a weird one to me , but still intriguing : train a model that gets much more sparse rewards ( that is , where only one in every few episodes has a reward attached to it ) . The premise is that , in this circumstance , you could give more sparse reward , but also more meaningful ( a human score of an output , rather than just a hardcoded evaluation ) we incentivize the model to do it ’s own identification of proxies for the reward it only infrequently sees , and actually explicitly reason about the amount of evidence provided by those proxies for the thing it truly cares about4 . Safe Exploration : Cases where the AI needs to explore a space in order to fill in gaps in its knowledge/certainty , but you might want to incentivize it to to avoid conducting exploration in a dangerous way ( that is : deciding to learn about tigers by reading a tiger book , rather than adopting a tiger ) The ideas here mostly revolved around having exploration happen either in a fully simulated way ( at least for as long as it takes to generalize about what might be hazardous in the real world ) or having exploration guardrails explicitly set by humans , either in the form of a “ bounded exploration zone ” , which specifies the areas the model is allowed to go with low confidence , or a baseline “ safe ” policy , which does the same thing ( you can only explore if the trusted policy says it ’s okay ) 5 . Distributional Shift : Cases where you end up operating on a different distribution than the one you trained onThis was also an area in which there was n’t a lot of new proposals made by this paper ; the most interesting one was to train a model under one distribution , and then meta-train it on other distributions , such that it can learn how much to trust it ’s own predictions under different levels of deviance from the training set ; an obvious way to instrument this would be to have some threshold of deviance where you have the model shut off and force a retrain .	Machine Learning Writing Month : Safety and Semi-Supervision
Do you agree ? The years are beginning to fly by at an ever faster rate . It ’s something adults always told me when I was younger , but it ’s advice I heeded to take on boardTime is running out . So we need to make the most of the time we have or create more time for ourselvesThis year has been a whirlwind for me personally . As I write this today , it ’s been a year since I began my business — The Youth Academy . In that time , we ’ve been blessed to impact close to 100 young athletes &amp; adolescents and have 50 phenomenal young athletes &amp; adolescents in our family . We ’ve moved into two new facilities of our very own — from a commercial gym to a small 10x10 space and now into a 20x15m spaceEssentially , we ’ve built a six-figure business in under 12 months … There have been seemingly insurmountable amounts of fear . Many failures ( see : learning experiences ) . Tears . Breakdowns . Burnouts Arguments . And punched walls … This year has perhaps taught me more about life and myself than any others , and it ’s shown me patterns and an interconnectedness to everything we doIt ’s taught me that both business and life are simple — and it ’s in this simplicity that we can shine &amp; achieve the success we desire to achieveHere are the 27 lessons I ’ve learned from life and building a six-figure business in my 27th year on this earth … You may achieve your goals in life and still be left “ unhappy ” Robin Williams achieved everything he set out for himself . He made millions of people happy , raised a phenomenal family , was one of the best comedians of our age , and even won awards for playing a more serious role — and at the end of it , he hung himself . Why ? There was no fulfillment in his life … he had achieved , but was n’t fulfilled — the science of fulfillment is an ugly beast … For me , it happened a few Tuesdays ago . I had just returned home from Perth for the wedding of two of my closest friends . It was my first time away since late 2015 , and I had an exceptional time . A lot of soul searching was doneYet , as I was driving to The Academy , I had a breakdown . I had to pull over to the side of the road and unleash . Not in years have I felt so much anger … so much frustration and rage . My steering wheel took the brunt of it and my lungs emptied with vicious screamsPain . Emotional pain . But why ? I sat there and reflected — I was chasing rabbits I did n’t want to catch . I was valuing growth and progress by metrics that did n’t sit right with me . I was achieving but not feeling fulfilledI was measuring progress via growth in numbers and not in the connection we have with our phenomenal Academy Kids . This pain was a teacher , there to help me see what needed to e changedAnd that ’s the funny thing about pain — it ’s there to help us change … if we choose to numb it or sweep it under the rug , it ’ll come back as a bigger beast later in life2 ) You ’ve got to move toward your fears … Fear is a compass . It ’s a guide . I look at the times The Academy &amp; myself have grown the most this past year and it ’s when I ’ve been most scared and shown courage to take actionThere ’s no such thing as fearlessness — only courage in the face of fear . The cave you fear entering most holds the treasure you seek — face your fears in the eyes and choose to display courage3 ) We create complexities to hide imperfections → simplicity is the answerEverything in life is simple . We simply create the complexities to feed our ego and hide the fact we do n’t understand themThe simpler I ’ve made my life and the business , the happier I ’ve been and the smoother things have run . You decide what you get to care about , so choose the things that matter most to you — which is n’t how others think about youLife &amp; business is about adding value to others lives . About being there for them . Giving more than you take — and always placing others ahead of yourself . Simple … 4 ) You ’ve got to be crazy to do this , and it just might kill youMarco and I always say this — it ’d be so much easier to work for someone else , in a 9 – 5 , but then we ’d be achieving and not feel fulfilled . There have been times this year I ’ve worked myself into the ground , I ’ve wanted to throw it all away — but those times of adversity have brought about the most growth5 ) If you ’re not coming from the heart in everything , you ’ll loseSee # 3 for this — everything in life is about living in service to others . This does n’t mean letting them take advantage of you , but it ’s better to go 49/51 in everything6 ) We are the only thing holding ourselves backWe stop ourselves from taking action due to the fear , the self-limiting beliefs , the disempowering thoughts , giving in to criticism or the thoughts &amp; opinions of others . That ’s all on you — as it ’s up to you how to you choose to respond to that stimuliYou are the string that holds your own kite back . Get out of your head and step into taking action7 ) People are here to teach us things , they ’re either a lesson or a blessi n’This lesson was taught to me by a wise friend — and it could n’t be further from the truth . Everything happens for a reason in life , people will come and go — and all we can do is the learn the lesson they ’re here to teach usRelationships end , and it ’s our job to learn about ourselves from those experiences . Where did we lack … how can we better ourselves in the future … as new relationships will be formed , and it ’s up to us to have grown so we can be better tomorrow than we are today8 ) Pain is inevitable , and we get to choose the pain we wish to feelMark Manson argues the most important question we should ask ourselves in life is “ what pain do I want to endure ” — as it ’s one of life ’s greatest teachers and is always inevitable for us . But we get to choose the pain we endure … via our thoughts , beliefs , and actions — we can choose the physicla , mental , and emotional pain we endureI choose to endure the pain of working my butt off , off pushing myself physically , and placing myself in a position of helping others , even thought they may punch me in the face for my help . They ’re some of the pains I choose to endure , as they ’re helping me become the person I aspire to become and create the future life I desire to live … 9 ) If you demand greatness , it ’s usually what you get “ Life punishes the vague wish and rewards the specific ask ” — Tim FerrissWhen we ’re specific , when we show immense clarity in what we desire , our actions tend to align and we achieve what we desire10 ) You ’re capable of so much more than you imagine … Your brain lies to you to protect you . It lives in total darkness , and yet we can see light . It lives in total silence , and yet we can hear noise … there ’s a blind spot right at the centre of the eye , where the optic nerve attaches , and yet we can see “ perfectly ” … it ’s working on vibrations and light particles … There is one truth you need to believe with all your might — your potential truly is nearly limitless — as with energy , focus , and time you can learn any skill or achieve any goal you so desire … If you want it bad enough , you ’ll do everything you can to get it11 ) Gratitude is the keyThis one has always been hard for me — as I need to “ feel ” something … and I do n’t know how gratitude “ feels ” … to me , saying your grateful for something is easy , but how do you mean it … I now know what gratitude feels like though … it ’s the quiet moment watching the sunset … it ’s these final moments I get to spend with my 89 yr old Oma … it ’s being able to help and be of service to these phenomenal Academy kids … it ’s this gratitude that keeps everything in perspective12 ) Self Awareness is perhaps the greatest skill we can attain in lifeIf you do n’t know yourself , you ’ll never grow . You wo n’t understand how to kick yourself into action or why you believe certain things . This year , where I ’ve grown the most is in my self-awareness and the awareness of others — with this has come patience , maturity , and an understanding of not needing to control everything13 ) Problems are inevitable → we just need to solve better onesLife is always a series of problems — it ’s truly where happiness stems from — solving a problem either we have or helping someone solve a problem they haveWhen I had the privilege of talking with Mike Bledsoe , he said the question he asked himself most was “ how can I play at a higher level ” — why ? Because he got to solve bigger and better problems … The athlete faces specific problems . The coach faces bigger problems . The GM of the organisation solves bigger and better problems again … 14 ) A lack of patience will destroy everythingIn this past year I ’ve rushed things — including this move into a bigger facility . And this lack of patience almost killed us . You ’ve got time , YEARS in fact … so the question is n’t about how can I get more done … it ’s how can I do the things I truly desire to do … 15 ) You ’ve got to attack and keep momentumI still fall to this one and find myself on the defence — and when I do it ’s a stark realisation … growth has come from going on the attack and seeking adversity — not from sitting idly by and waiting for things to happenIdentify what it is you want , set an intention , and take action on it … get the feedback you need and repeat the cycle … 16 ) It ’s not about who you are today that matters , it ’s about who you want to become and how hard you ’re willing to work to become that personRead it again … And again … And once more … And let it take you over17 ) You only control yourself &amp; your thoughtsWe can not control other people , their thoughts , their actions , or how they feel about certain things . We ca n’t control the news or the weatherWhat we can control are our thoughts and how we choose to respond to the stimuli that come our way . We can control our emotions and how we choose to perceive everything … and in this “ lack of control , ” we find ultimate power18 ) Expect the best of people , and do n’t set expectationsExpect the best of everyone . See the best in them — but do n’t set expectations — as you will get burned . I ’d rather live and die by this sword than to judge and be weary of peopleIf someone tells me something about a person , I wo n’t believe it until I see it for myself . In time , people will show you their true selves , and you can make your own call then . The problem lies when people show you their true selves and you fail to see it19 ) Be a good fucking human , forever and alwaysThis came about from Brett Jones of Strong First on our Academy Podcast . It blew me away , and it ’s the # 1 rule I try and live my life by20 ) Demand excellence of yourself in everything you doIn his book “ The Four Agreements ” — Don Miguel Ruiz argues that we can only ever do our best — whatever that may be at this point in time . It may not always be our “ true 100 % ’ , but it ’s the 100 % we have at this point in timeThis ties in with “ when you ask for greatness , it ’s generally what you get ” … when you demand excellence of yourself this very second , this minute , this day , in this task — like begins to come together21 ) Always be a studentThe more I learn , the more I learn I know absolutely nothing . Life and success are about the accumulation of skills and knowledge , and then taking action on them . The best in the world have cultivated rare and valuable skills — that ’s why they ’re so saught afterIf it ’s a powerful and simple truth to align yourself with22 ) Peaks and ValleysThere ’s an unexplainable duality to everything in life . If there were no darkness , we would n’t know what light is … if there were no “ bad ” , we would n’t understand the “ good ” There are always peaks and valleys in life — and it ’s our job to try and not minimise them , but rather shorten the valleys and lengthen the highs … I ’ve found the best is when you do n’t ride either … 23 ) Failure needs to be redefinedThere is no such thing as failure , only learning . It ’s all data — what worked , what did n’t , what should be attempt next based on what we seeIt ’s a science experiment , and should be viewed as such … 24 ) Self Sabotage Happens in more ways than we ’re aware ofPeople fear success more than they fear “ failure ” . As if we ’re successful , there ’s more “ pressure ” on us … more expectations … we ’re in the spotlight … people say they want the ball in the last second , but when it ’s go-time , they ’re oftentimes found in the crowd … We will self-sabotage ourselves with our thoughts and actions in order to let ourselves off the hook … being self-aware of this and how you do it to yourself is an amazing skill to have25 ) Nobody knows what they ’re doing … I mean no-one . Not your idols , not the best in the world . They ’re all guessing , making assumptions , testing , tweaking based on the feedback and taking actionThe reason they ’re your idols is they showed courage to face their fears and act anyway . The secret lies in taking calculated steps of action26 ) The boundary is all in your headGus is a dog . He wears an electric collar that gives him small shock should be exit the confines of the yard as there ’s no fence … Gus found out about that shock once , and he ’ll never attempt it again … The problem is , that was years ago — and the batteries are dead , so the shock does n’t exist anymore … The boundary does n’t exist anymore — the boundary is all in Gus ’ headWhat experiences have you had in the past or pre-defined beliefs that are holding you back ? 27 ) It ’s all your faultOwn everything that happens to you in your life from now own . Control that . Decide that you can always make a different decision or take a different action — as that ’s where you ’ll find the power to change your life “ with great responsibility comes great power ” — Jim KwikThat ’s it ladies and gents — 27 lessons learned in my first 27 years of life . Hopefully , there ’s a nugget in there that resonated with you and will help you level up in life or take action or show courage in the face of fearAre there any that really jumped out at you ?	27 Lessons Learned from Creating a 6-Figure Business in my 27th Year of Life
What are you afraid of ? We all like to think we ’re unique , but when it comes to our fears , there are the most common fears people hold . According to the study published in the journal Psychological Medicine , birds , insects and other animals topped the list of common fears in an enormous survey of 43,093 US adults , followed by mountains , tall buildings , bridges and other heights . Some fears are just universal and innate as a response to potential threat of dangers such as a frightening experience of storms , thunder , and lightning . However , other extreme or irrational fears to objects or situations known as phobias trigger entirely different reactions including rapid heart beats , the sweats , trembling and chest pain . Since phobias have no evolutionary purpose to avoid dangers , the phobias are considered as a sort of mental illness , subtypes of anxiety disorder.For phobias , facing a specific fear in a gradual and consistent manner is the most effective and common treatment , called exposure therapy . As Mark Zuckerberg bought Oculus Rift for $ 2 billion in March 2014 , VR environments is on the verge of treating phobias by placing the patients in a virtual world where they experience specific fears including heights , elevators , thunderstorms , public speaking and flying with a promise of greater immersion and more realism . According to Chris Brewin , a professor of clinical psychology at University College London , the potential of VR to treat phobias and fears is huge . In VR exposure therapy , patients are placed in a computer-generated three-dimensional virtual world and guided through the selected environment . Unlike the real environment in the standard exposure therapy , the virtual environments allows the therapist ultimate control over each patient for the perfect simulation.Samsung ’s ‘ Be Fearless ’ Gear VR campaign is one of the most impressive use cases that helped people face their fears of heights and public speaking and overcome them . In the campaign , Samsung gave 27 people the chance to participate in a four-week training program delivered with Gear VR before offering the chance to face their fear in real life . The participants were taken through virtual scenarios from travelling upwards in an transparent elevator to heli-skiing . Before advancing to the different levels of difficulty , they had to pass a scientific evaluation such as heart rate , eye movement , and self assessment of anxiety levels . According to Samsung , this training helped 87.5 % of the group afraid of heights reduce their anxiety level by 23.6 % . Samsung #BeFearless Project ( Samsung Newsroom ) Although clinical use of VR is in its infancy , VR therapy has slowly but surely made its way to the US shores for years , specifically to treat veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan . Findings of a study published in Advances in Integrative Medicine reported that VR therapy significantly reduces in severity of PTSD symptoms and result in rapid extinction . The findings also suggested combining VR and EEG biofeedback as a potential treatment of stress-related disorders . It is because real-time neurophysiological data such as serum cortisol levels , heart rate variability and mid-frontal alpha EEG asymmetry may provide useful inputs for adjusting VR exposure therapy protocols to enhance stress resilience or accelerate treatment response.A little bit of fear is normal and sometimes useful , but phobias can interfere with an individual ’s ability to lead a normal life . Is fear holding you back ? Let VR and EEG biofeedback train you and overcome your phobias.ReferenceTwo out of every 100 people have five fears or more . ( Illustration : Mona Chalabi ) We have seen the future : Keanu Reeves in The Matrix Reloaded . ( Photograph : Allstar / Warner Bros / Sportsphoto Ltd ) Samsung #BeFearless Project ( Samsung Newsroom ) Big Idea of 2015 : Healing with Virtual Reality , PBS . org ( by Allison Eck )	Dare To Explore : VR Helps You Conquer Your Fears
“ They ’re a total mess . When I called customer service , you could totally tell the right hand did n’t know what the left hand was doing . ” — Someone who ’s hopefully not your customerMy daughter is in third grade now , but I remember the day she was born pretty clearly . My wife woke me up just after 3:30 am , and told me in no uncertain terms we were going to the hospital right then , as in IMMEDIATELY NOW . I grabbed the bag we packed ahead of time , jumped in the car , and we were off.There was no traffic at that time of night , and I remember my smug confidence thinking we ’d breeze into the hospital and head straight to the delivery room . We pre-registered , you see , which means we filled out the forms ahead of time to skip the normal admissions process . This is a dynamite idea , since you get to skip a lot of stress and hassle at a time when cooler heads are n’t exactly prevailing.I park the car and strut into the hospital like James Bond entering a casino . “ Name ? ” said the woman at the desk . “ Belmont , ” I say . “ Ross Belmont . ” I pause for effect , then add , “ we pre-registered . ” ( Boom goes the dynamite . ) But there was no “ right this way , Mr. Belmont . ” ( Or even , “ need a hand , Mrs. Belmont ? ” since , in fairness , she was doing most of the heavy lifting . ) Instead , she said , “ Umm … I ’m not seeing that in my system . ” “ I ’m sorry ? ” I replied , increasing my pitch as I went along . She coughed up “ yeah , I do n’t have anything like that , ” in the flattest tone possible.I ’ll spare you the next part , in which I spend the next 45 minutes barking “ PRE-REGISTERED ! ” to anyone who asked me a question . No , she ’s not allergic to any medication . No , she does n’t smoke . No , the left hand does n’t know what the right hand is doing . And no , this never , ever happened to James Bond.Whose Fault Is It Anyway?It ’s fun to think of the entire concept of pre-registration as an elaborate prank played on first-time dads . ( “ Right this way , good sir ! Please proceed to the rooftop deck — the birthing suite is right next to the pool and spa . Gin or vodka for your martini ? ” Then they laugh like hyenas when you walk away . ) But you know the old saying … Never attribute to malice what can be explained by poor computer system integration.Those of us in tech know it ’s harder than it seems for large enterprises to build a complete picture of “ you ” that connects all the data : what you ’ve bought , when you moved , every time you ’ve interacted with the company , and so on . It ’s a tough job , and it ’s mostly thankless . Imagine a personal assistant that did n’t remember conversations you had — how long would they last ? You expect that without thinking about it.Typically , the data is spread across many different systems : the e-commerce store is separate from the shipping and returns system , which is separate from the accounting system showing what you ’ve paid , etc . But no matter what , you ’re still you , and all this data should somehow be part of your record as a customer . That ’s where “ customer relationship management ” ( CRM ) systems like Salesforce come into play . If you ’re a customer , everyone in that company should be able to know what ’s going on with you by accessing your record.With all these separate systems , who makes the first move ? System A can reach out to System B and get some data , or System B can reach out to System A and get some data . So who does the work?Another complication is that nowadays , most software is built “ API first , ” and the API ’s job is to allow slightly different versions of essentially the same app to all access the same data . ( Example : you can log into Facebook via their web app , their iPhone app , their iPad app , or an Android device to access your data . ) So the makers of System A spend extra time and resources making an API for their various apps , and in their view , think System B should just act like yet another app interacting with their API.The good folks behind System B think the same thing , of course — but in reverse . So who reaches across the aisle , so to speak ? Who makes the first move?End the Games with Strike ConnectSalesforce already has many great flavors of APIs for those ready to reach across and add their data to your overall customer record . We ’re building something we call Strike Connect to do the reverse : make it fast and easy for the Salesforce side to reach out to other APIs , get interesting customer data , and put it back into Salesforce . This solves the “ game of chicken ” for the software vendors , and creates some important benefits for those large companies trying to serve their customers better : 360 ° Customer Profiles : Build a full picture of your customers and avoid frustrating them by keeping all your departments on the same page.Automated Workflows : Once the data is in Salesforce , system administrators can set up automated task assignments , emails , and more to make enterprises even more productive as they work to provide better service . ( Your competition is n’t sitting still , after all . ) Predictive Analytics : Salesforce ’s Einstein family of technologies combines the latest in machine learning to bring predictive insights to employees , so they can adjust to any situation and avoid problems before they happen.We ’ll have more to say about what exactly we built , how it works , and how your can get your hands on it very soon . Join us on December 14th , 2017 at 10 am Pacific to get a sneak peek.If you ca n’t make it , just remember most hospitals have no pool on the roof.Strike Connect grabs data from your existing API and moves it to the Salesforce platform.Got a question ? Want to drop us a line ? Reach out ! We ’ll get right back to you .	Connect Your App to Salesforce and End Customer Frustration with Strike Connect
HANOVER ( GERMANY ) ( AFP ) - The far-right Alternative for Germany gathers Saturday to elect new leadership , with police bracing for potentially violent street protests against the anti-migrant , anti-Islam party.The AfD captured nearly 13 percent of the vote and almost 100 seats in parliament in a September general election -- a watershed moment in post-war German politics.However a festering row between radical nationalists and more moderate forces has roiled its top brass , with co-leader Frauke Petry abruptly quitting the AfD just days after the election to form her own breakaway party.Some 600 delegates at the two-day congress in the northern city of Hanover will vote on a replacement for her as well as a new board , determining the ideological direction of the party as it gears up to oppose Chancellor Angela Merkel 's yet-to-be-formed government . " The AfD is unable to settle down , it is wrestling with the course it wants to take and power within the party , " news website Spiegel Online said . " The fight over posts and the platform shows that the party is still divided on how sharply rightward it wants to go . " - Merkel 's woes - The meeting is expected to draw around 8,500 leftist protesters supporting Merkel 's liberal border policy , which allowed in more than one million asylum seekers since 2015 . The GdP police union called for calm , following clashes with demonstrators in the western city of Cologne during the last AfD congress in April that left several officers injured . " We expect all participants in the rallies to exercise their right of assembly peacefully , " union leader Dietmar Schilff said . " Any violence will lead to the forfeiture of that right . " Hanover police chief Uwe Lange said the congress centre hosting the AfD event would be ringed with barbed wire and security barriers to protect delegates , with thousands of officers deployed.Launched as a populist anti-euro party in 2013 , the AfD has veered sharply to the right since and campaigned for the September election with slogans such as " Bikinis Not Burkas " , " Stop Islamisation " and the ubiquitous " Merkel must go " . It is now represented in 14 of Germany 's 16 state parliaments but has been shunned as a potential partner at the national level by the mainstream parties.But the fractured political landscape has made it more difficult than ever for Merkel , in power for 12 years , to cobble together a ruling majority.Talks to form a coalition spanning the political spectrum for her fourth and probably last term broke down in acrimony last month.She is now trying to woo the centre-left Social Democrats back into a " grand coalition " government.If she is successful and averts a snap election , the AfD would become Germany 's largest opposition power , strongly boosting its profile . - Syria safe for refugees ? - The AfD had two leaders until now , Petry and Joerg Meuthen , who has allied himself with the party 's nativist wing.Delegates will debate a motion to have Meuthen as the AfD 's sole president.However more centrist forces in the party are backing the party 's Berlin chief , Georg Pazderski , a former army colonel , as co-leader . Yet speculation was rife that the party 's powerful parliamentary group chief , Alexander Gauland , could mount a leadership challenge.Gauland told AFP last week the party needed to bridge its divisions along ideological and geographical lines . " It is crucial to me that the top of the AfD reflects east and west as well as more conservative and economically liberal positions , " he said.The list of motions to be debated in Hanover offered insights into the party 's priorities.They include a call for Germany to ban circumcision of male babies targeting a common practice among Muslim and Jewish families , and a condemnation of a new definition of anti-Semitism adopted by parliament criticised as a " curb on free speech " . The party recently sparked outrage by calling for the immediate return of tens of thousands of Syrian refugees in Germany , claiming that " large parts " of the war-ravaged country were now safe . by Deborah COLE	German far-right to pick new leaders as protesters rally
New York ( AFP ) - Neil Young on Friday opened an exhaustive online archive of his half-century career , as the rock legend charged ahead on a politically loaded new album.In a project whose breadth has no parallels among musicians of his level of fame , Young made all of his albums available for streaming alongside the accompanying lyrics , credits and artwork as well as videos and tour information.In a delight for fans of the ever-prolific Canadian with years of rumored obscurities , the Neil Young Archives includes around 10 unreleased albums although most are not yet fully uploaded.Marking his life 's journey , Young inaugurated his archive and new album by playing a livestreamed solo concert at a 225-seat theater in his rural hometown of Omemee , Ontario.Envisioning the archives as a high-tech version of collections that authors and fellow rock elders generally establish at universities , Young said he would continually update the site , accessible at neilyoungarchives.com.Young wrote that he had spent years designing the site , which will be free through June 30 after which Young said he will charge a " very modest " fee . - Rocky past with streaming - The project marks the latest turn in the 72-year-old rocker 's turbulent relationship with online music . Several years ago he developed Pono , a portable device vaunted to provide the best-ever mobile sound quality , but it was recently discontinued . Young for around a year took all of his music down from Spotify , Apple Music and other streaming sites , complaining that the sound quality was subpar and had lowered the bar for the entire industry.For his online archive , Young said he had worked with the Singaporean firm OraStream to develop the finest possible audio , with music files that carry up to 20 times as much data as MP3s , the files typically used on streaming platforms and iTunes.In recognition that not all listeners have advanced computers or fast connections , Young also lets users choose to stream the music at less bandwidth.Prioritizing quality and detail over efforts to be user-friendly , the site has a sleek but cluttered interface in the shape of an old-style stereo with knobs and dials , with multiple ways to filter searches.Young himself explains how to use his archives in a 10-minute video after which he offers matter-of-factly : " Do n't forget to have a good time and try not to get lost . " - Forceful takedown of Trump - The archives go back to 1963 and Young 's very first recording : the single " The Sultan , " recorded in Winnipeg.The site ends with his brand new album out Friday , " The Visitor , " Young 's second work with Promise of the Real , a hard-charging back-up band featuring Lukas Nelson , son of country great Willie Nelson.Young , never reticent about his political views , lays directly into President Donald Trump from the get-go on " Already Great , " a play on the tycoon 's " Make America Great Again " election slogan.A longtime resident of California , the artist best known for " Rockin ' in the Free World " attacks Trump and , as on recent albums , sings of the environment in nearly religious terms . " The Boy King do n't believe in Science / It goes against the Big Money Truth , " Young sings on " Stand Tall . " " The Visitor " marks one of Young 's more consistently forceful albums of recent years , the high-energy guitars giving way to reflective bridges as his voice veers toward highs.Yet there are also musical shifts , with straight-up blues on " Diggin ' a Hole " and a merging of rock with strings on " Children of Destiny . " He appears to allude to Trump 's promised barrier with Mexico on " Change of Heart " as Young sings , " Hate is not worth using / Even as cement / To build your walls that you hide behind . " And on " When Bad Got Good , " Young turns Trump 's election taunt of Hillary Clinton back against him.The rocker bellows : " Lock him up ! "	Neil Young releases vast archive and new politically loaded album
LONDON ( AFP ) - Delivery rider Jabed Hussain was waiting at a traffic light one night in east London when two attackers sprayed acid in his face and stole his moped.It was one of hundreds of attacks in the British capital every year that have prompted government intervention and left the city 's police force asking the public for help to tackle the crime wave.Hussain recalled feeling " burning on my face " during the robbery in Hackney . " If they want to take my bike , there are a lot of weapons ... why ( have ) they got to choose the weapon of acid ? " he told AFP as he returned to the spot where the attack happened.The number of assaults is increasing rapidly.The British capital saw 454 acid attacks reported last year , up from 261 in 2015 and 166 the year before.Hussain suffers from chest problems after swallowing water which he believes contained traces of the acid , although his helmet protected much of his face and he has no visible scars.A pizza delivery driver attacked in north-east London last month was not so lucky , left in a critical condition after being sprayed with acid while his helmet visor was up . - ' Scared ' Londoners - Jaf Shah , head of the London-based Acid Survivors Trust International , said victims were " incredibly strong , resilient and courageous individuals " . " Because when you take into account the devastation of such an attack , it requires an enormous amount of strength to go through and recover , " he told AFP.Shah blamed the increase in attacks on a lack of regulation to stop people buying acid , although he noted the recent cases have " concentrated the minds of government officials " . Home Secretary Amber Rudd announced new proposals in October to force people carrying acid to prove they have a legitimate reason , taking the same approach used to tackle knife violence where possession of the weapon alone is criminalised.Rudd also plans to require people buying high-concentrate sulphuric acid -- such as drain cleaner -- to apply for a Home Office licence.MP Stephen Timms called for the changes in parliament in July , after his east London constituency of East Ham suffered a spate of attacks.His intervention followed an attack against two cousins who were sitting in their car in Beckton , leaving both with life-changing injuries . " What we can not do is allow a situation where people feel scared to walk around the streets , " he told AFP in his local library . " And that 's the position we were getting into after that attack on the two cousins , people just thought it was n't safe to walk up and down the road anymore . " - ' Melted their skin ' - With many offenders in their teens or early 20s , East Ham 's borough of Newham in east London has preempted new legislation by asking shopkeepers to challenge young people buying acid and refuse sales if they are suspicious of customers ' intentions . " The response in Newham has been really positive ... Shopkeepers are actually very happy to be involved in addressing this problem , " said Timms.While police have had some success in confiscating acid on the streets , Hackney 's borough commander Simon Laurence appealed to parents , teachers and social workers to ask young people what they 're carrying in plastic bottles . " What 's in it ? Why are they carrying it ? Because the police ca n't stop this alone , and we need the help of the community , " he told AFP outside Mangle nightclub in east London , where 22 people were injured in April with a substance the same strength as hydrochloric acid . " It melted their skin , and they would have been in horrendous pain . Some of those victims will have life-changing injuries that they will be reminded of every day , " Laurence said , after a 25-year-old man was convicted over the attack.London police carry acid response kits to treat victims and Laurence said the force wanted to be able to test substances on the streets . " The bit we 've got to be able to get better at is identifying what 's in the bottle when someone 's carrying it -- and to stop people thinking they 're able to use it to cause such horrendous injuries . " Fearful of returning to work , Hussain thinks more still needs to be done to make people realise the devastating impact of such a weapon . " Why ( do ) they use the acid to destroy somebody 's face , and destroy somebody 's life ? " he asked . by Rosie SCAMMELL	Fear in London as acid attacks soar
A Trembolex Vigor is a tool utilized for Male Enhancement this consists of people doing this . Perhaps I should not try to abstain from this partially . Would you like to have your very own Trembolex Vigor ? I would not expect you to have a preference applicable to Trembolex Vigor . That is only a fancy way of saying Trembolex Vigor . The dilemma is Trembolex Vigor . You might think that I ’m despicably lit up on cheap wine coolers . I like that viewpoint . It is habitual how rivals can not avoid an easy transaction like this . If you were to come out and directly ask for Trembolex Vigor this could be quite tacky.I ’m hopping mad as that regards to Trembolex Vigor . Trembolex Vigor took my breath away . I ’ve formed several close relationships with Trembolex Vigor mere mortals . That is one detail I did notice that evening in respect to Trembolex Vigor . I had no conclusion what I was doing and it showed . Let ’s pretend that there was somewhere you could go to in order to learn everything referring to Trembolex Vigor and we missed that the first time around . Because I know Trembolex Vigor so well , what I have is an impulse relating to Trembolex Vigor . Thereforem I am truly glad when it relates to Trembolex Vigor .	http://www.healthsupplementsreviews.info/trembolex-vigor/
North Korea held mass celebrations for its latest successful long-range missile test , Pyongyang 's state media said Saturday , with a propaganda-filled display of fireworks and dancing in public squares.The ruling Workers Party official daily Rodong Sinmun covered its front page with colour photographs showing thousands of tightly packed soldiers and people applauding in Pyongyang 's Kim Il-Sung square , which was decorated with large portraits of the North 's late leaders . " We heartily celebrate the successful test launch of the Hwasong-15 which showed Chosun ( North Korea ) 's power and greatness to the whole world " , read one banner held up by the crowd , referring to the missile . North Korea on Wednesday successfully tested a new intercontinental ballistic missile , with leader Kim Jong-Un declaring his country had now achieved full nuclear statehood.The US in response warned that Kim Jong-Un 's regime would be " utterly destroyed " if its pursuit of a long-range nuclear missile arsenal provokes a military clash , and has battled to maintain international solidarity in the face of North Korea 's nuclear threat.Kim himself was absent from the celebrations -- he usually stays away from such events -- but Friday 's gathering drew key military , party and government leaders . " Long Live the General Kim Jong-Un who has brought us the great historic cause of nuclear statehood " , another banner read.Vice Chairman Pak Kwang-Ho of the party 's decision-making Central Committee told the crowd that , after Wednesday 's test launch , " now no one can infringe our sovereignty and rights to survive and develop " , according to the daily.He said that the United States had been " jolted " at the strengthening of North Korea 's nuclear force and could attempt to commit " robber-like " provocative acts . He repeated Kim 's warning that the North would respond with the " highest level of hard-line countermeasure in history " . Kim first made the threat in September in response to US President Donald Trump 's UN speech threatening to destroy the North and mocking him as " Little Rocket Man " . The ICBM Hwasong-15 type weaponry system used in Wednesday 's test is an intercontinental ballistic rocket tipped with super-large heavy warhead capable of striking the whole mainland of the US , the North said.But analysts remain unconvinced that the North has mastered the technology required to launch and direct a missile , and ensure it survives the difficult re-entry into the Earth 's atmosphere.Tensions are expected to rise further in the coming week as South Korea and the United States launch a massive air force drill mobilising some 230 aircraft including six US F-22 Raptor stealth jet fighters .	North Korea holds mass celebrations for latest missile test
Maurizio Sarri said Napoli " dominated Juventus in every conceivable way " despite suffering a 1-0 loss to the reigning Serie A champions . Gonzalo Higuain came back to haunt former club Napoli on Friday , his 12th-minute goal helping Juve move within a point of Sarri 's leaders . It was Napoli 's first Serie A defeat of the season and first at home in the league since February . Napoli head coach Sarri could not fault his players as he lamented fatigue following the blockbuster showdown . " We dominated Juventus in every conceivable way and did n't allow them much , but at this moment we are n't as sharp up front and are not transforming this dominance into goals , " Sarri said during his post-match news conference . " I complimented the team and if we lose one Serie A game after nine months , that 's not a disaster . With a bit of sharpness , we would 've won . I do n't want to see any heads drop . " Conceding a goal so early made it easier for Juventus to sit back and go on the counter . They are strong physically and know how to soak up pressure . " We know that we 've got three world-class strikers and will get them back to their best soon . For the moment , we 've just got to grit our teeth and push on . We are still playing excellent football . " Napoli star Lorenzo Insigne was withdrawn in the 76th minute at Stadio San Paolo , succumbing to a groin problem . Insigne also hobbled off in the 4-2 Champions League loss to Manchester City last month and Sarri provided an update on the Italy international , while insisting he can not afford to rest Dries Mertens with his options limited . " Insigne has a groin inflammation since he returned from international duty , " Sarri said . " I thought of taking him off earlier in the game , but he was still useful . Now we need to evaluate his condition , as I have no idea if he can play against Feyenoord . " As for Mertens , I would n't know who to rotate him with . There are no other options in the squad . People talk about Adam Ounas as if he 's Cristiano Ronaldo , but he 's a kid of 20 and a talented player who at this moment just needs to focus on maturing . I hope he can do well in future . "	Napoli dominated Juventus in every conceivable way , says Sarri
Hello are you looking for a proactive way to reach out to your customers , generation of new leads and revive old ones ? Well then you have come to the right place . Let me dissect the body of a premium quality voicemail ; the kind that works the best.A Ringless Voicemail drop should be optimally a thirty-second message . This message can be divided into three parts of ten-ten seconds . The first part should consist of your sales rep introduction i.e. his name and where is from . The second part should consist of the purpose of calling , we can call this the body of the voicemail drop . The last part should conclude with giving the customer or a lead a call to action like Press 1 to do so-and-so . Here are the templates of the best RVDs used by LeadsRain ’s clients . You can use them to give your sales reps an anchor and a direction . Hope you have a good read.AutomotiveHey [ name ] , this is [ sales rep name ] from [ company name ] , greetings from this side . [ name ] you paid us a visit at our ( showroom/garage/expo ) ( last week/month/other ) and showed interest in our prime product [ name of the product ] . I just wanted to know what have you thought about it . As you already know the vehicle is limited edition and we have only a few left . If there is anything , revert me at [ number ] I repeat the number is [ number ] . Thanks in advance.InsuranceHello Mrs. August , I ’m Danielle calling from the RobertSon , I would like to give you a friendly reminder that vehicle insurance of the employees of your company Solstice Pvt Ltd ’s insurance is going to be expired by 11/11/2017 that is two months from now . To get it renewed call us back at 832 – 540 – 210 , the number again is 832 – 540 – 210 . Thank you and have a nice day.Real EstateHello dear people of Chicago town , we are Art-key-tech , an architectural firm . With a team of 100 engineers and architect we design state of the art spaces . The glass walled office building coming up at downtown is ours . We have opened the bookings and the first ones to register at site , will get at prices cut down to 40 % . For further information call us back at 312 663 548 . We are looking forward to a cordial meet with you.EducationHola I ’m calling from Hablar Expa֘nol classes , I hope I ’m talking with Lucy as you called us for inquiry regarding duration and frequency of our classes . I would like to inform you that I have sent you an email on lucy.singh@xyz.com . If there is still any query call Hablar Expa֘nol at 896 787 200 , I repeat 896 787 200 . Thanks in advance.EmergencyThis is California State Police Department , the provision of ration to the flood affected areas is now in execution . We will be covering the whole of Newman by 3 PM in the afternoon . To report any missing person or missing people leads call us on 1 – 800 – 835 – 5247 . I repeat 1 – 800 – 835 – 5247 . We would like you to just stay calm and patient . Be safe the help is arriving soon.FinanceHello I am calling from Erikson finance company , we would like to inform you about our Xmas offer . We are lending House Loans with interest rate of only 8 % . The offer is going to last 50 days from now , up until christmas . Contact us at 858 585 400 , the number is 858 585 400 . Merry Christmas in advance!MortgageHello Mr. Jones , this is the Bret , the assistant manager of United Funds Bank , and this voicemail is to warn you that the extended period of your duration to pay your September months due is over , the outstanding amount is $ 10,000 . You are required to pay the same by 10/07/2017 , that ’s in a week to avoid extra costs and not so pleasing circumstances . If you have a problem we can solve call us at 844 241 215 , the number is 844 241 215 .	Industry-wise Handpicked Straight-to-Voicemail Templates
Unlike its counterparts , the riverside tourist attraction has harmoniously interwoven the old and new and offers a tastefully curated selection of goods and services for both residents and visitors . Alywin Chew reports . I 've been to a number of well-known ancient towns in China over the past two years , but the only things I remember now are the stench of stinky tofu and the overwhelming amount of tourist kitsch on display . I thought I had seen them all . I thought all ancient towns were the same . That was until this trip to Wuzhen . Make no mistake about it - Wuzhen is without doubt a tourist destination where commercialization makes no attempt to hide itself . If you 're heading to this famous water town thinking it is a place that has yet to be touched by the blight of modernity , you 're going to be sorely disappointed . Here , just like all the other ancient towns in China , you will find restaurants , cafes , bars and gift shops . There is even free Wi-Fi that can be accessed from almost every corner of this water town ( this is , after all , the home of the World Internet Conference ) . But unlike its counterparts , this tourist attraction stands out because it is a supremely well-organized entity that offers a tastefully curated selection of goods and services . Almost every stall here is unique , selling items that you would not find in another part of the heritage site . I have never fully toured an old town because I was always jaded by the ubiquity of tourist kitsch . This refreshing selection of lifestyle amenities in Wuzhen , however , compelled me to explore every nook and cranny . Another thing that struck me about Wuzhen is the impeccable harmony between old and new . While some might argue that gentrification robs heritage architecture of its soul , I believe that modern elements can , to a certain extent , facilitate an appreciation of the past . Having modern comforts such as hot showers , flush toilets and plush beds do n't necessarily dilute the old world experience . Rather , they can help city dwellers who are unaccustomed to the ways of the old world feel comfortable in austere living conditions , which in turn allows them to appreciate the environment better . Case in point : during a recent trip to the Himalayas , I spent one night in the town of Dugla shivering in my sleep . The temperature had dipped below zero and my room had nothing more than a hard bed and a blanket . I was desperate to get out of the place as soon as possible , not explore it . The same could perhaps be said about the gentrification of old towns . In this day and age , most people would likely be more inclined to explore a stylishly furnished shop that is clean and well-lit than a dark ramshackle space where items are displayed on dusty shelves . As such , having such shops in old towns helps draw the crowds , which in turn generates tourism dollars that could be channeled into the preservation of these historic structures . Of course , gentrification has to be implemented judiciously , else an ancient dwelling might just end up becoming a paradise of kitsch . Wuzhen , to me , has achieved this balance between old and new with a certain level of panache . I found that the contemporary Chinese style furnishings and interior decor in many of the shops dovetail perfectly with the brick facades , wooden structures and stone bridges to create a setting that makes one feel as if they are suspended in a time vacuum between old and new China . Wuzhen appeared a little unreal to me . I felt as if I was in an elaborate movie set , not an old water town . The first attraction I came across certainly magnified this feeling . As I walked into a hall where different traditional Chinese clothing was displayed , I saw five visitors dressed in nuptial costumes laughing as they took selfies on an ancient Chinese wedding bed . Watching them from behind the security barrier felt as if an old school Chinese comedy was being screened in front of me . One of the museums I visited showcased the archaic practice of foot-binding that is believed to date back to as early as the 10th century . Here , I learned that the custom , which involved using tools to break the bones so that the feet can be squeezed into tiny embroidered shoes , was driven by a number of motivations . While many women endured the pain simply as a means of showing off that they are from the upper class , men saw tiny feet as a symbol of beauty . I was told that some men even chose their wives just by looking at the size of the candidates ' feet . I left the museum in awe of what I had seen , partly because it was a stimulating reminder of how subjective beauty can be , and partly because I had never seen a museum in an old town that is so well-designed . This sense of wonder endured as I stepped into places that were once patronized by world leaders during past World Internet Conference meetings . The shop where President Xi Jinping bought a gift for Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in 2015 was packed with tourists the night I was there . Many were examining the pair of chopsticks that Xi bought for his Russian guest . Located a short walk down the street is Dan Cha Fan , a modern Chinese restaurant where world leaders dined during one of the conferences . The exquisite chinaware and table decorations used on that very day are on display in a separate room that is off-limits to diners . Again , a motion picture started rolling in my head as I imagined how the world leaders interacted with one another at these places . How did Medvedev react to the chopsticks ? What did the head of states say to one another at the dining table ? I was impressed by the fact that I did not find any stalls selling cheesy " I Love Wuzhen " keychains or purses with Chinglish phrases . Many of the shops featured zenminimalist interiors and sold items such as calligraphy brushes and silk clothing that were far more exquisite than banal tourist kitsch . The boisterous bars at the end of the town and the two wonton stalls I came across were perhaps the only repetitive elements I noticed . I only came across one stinky tofu shop , and the odor was almost indiscernible as it was masked by the saccharine scent of osmanthus from the snack stall across the walkway . The skies opened up as I made my way back to the entrance , and the stone pathway glistened in the rain , reflecting the brilliant colors inside a shop selling traditional handcrafted lanterns . This emulsion of vibrant hues on the ground , combined with the pitter patter of rain drops and the warm glow of the street lamps , filled the air with a sense of romance . The first thing that came to mind was the final scene in the Woody Allen film Midnight in Paris where the characters Gil and Gabrielle meet on a bridge at night as the rain comes pouring down . " Actually , Paris is the most beautiful in the rain , " says Gabrielle , moments before the credits roll . I thought the same could be said of Wuzhen . I later learn that this gorgeous water town has a nickname . Quite befittingly , it is called " the Venice of the East " .	Wuzhen : A water town like no other
Why Folks prefer the BHA to get Beverly Hills Botox is n’t because it is inexpensive , however , the practice is operating for several years and Dr. Sam began it with a fantastic passion . When professionalism unites with enthusiasm , it attracts amazing outcomes . The whole team at BHA enjoys its own work and treats each individual honestly . There are n’t any hidden fees that the majority of the aesthetic facilities have and you ’ll need to pay a predetermined price based upon the process . Dr. Sam also made a 25 % reduction for new patients simply to motivate them to function as permanent customers . In reality , the processes are so powerful that each and every individual wishes to return for a different session when demanded . Whether you ’re a man or girl , it is possible to refresh your appearances with best Botox Beverly Hills . BHA also supplies the vitamin treatment to people who wish to energize their own body together with cosmetic treatments.People Like to have Botox at Beverly HillsBeverly Hills Is n’t only a heart of film stars , Nonetheless , in addition , it is popular due to Dr. Assassa along with his skin care remedies , such as Botox Beverly Hills CA . From film stars to the normal persons , many people enhanced their body and skin in BHA . People today love this area only because they get amazing effects in the shape of a contoured body and firm skin . You might even lessen fat together with all the tummy tuck and cellulite loss . The physicians utilize the laser technologies and RF since they ’re secure and do not involve any operation . Although Dr. Sam is still a skillful surgeon and also performs surgical facial processes , however , the brief processes attract more customers . The finest Botox Beverly Hills is absolutely free of any severe side-effects and the individual recovers within seconds . Ladies love slender bodies notably the shapes , so that they favor the laser therapy for contouring . Face design is also quite common among women and men.Botox Due to Dr. Sam since he analyzed several years at a medical faculty and Then went to specialty in operation . Dr. Sam is among the greatest surgeons in The US and today he ’s also the very best professional of skin remedies . Verify the patients ’ Listing at BHA and carefully watch their images before and following the Botox Beverly Hills . New and older patients . The lip enhancement treatment also improved the lips of Many actors and unknown men and women .	Best Botox Beverly Hills by BHA Verses Other Clinics
There is a place I go once or twice a week . A cold , blank room in a nondescript old building , burrowed deep within one of the darker back pockets of Sydney . It ’s a place which provides me with the lessons that I desperately need in my life.The grounding nature of this experience is heightened partly by the solitude I feel while I ’m here . I do n’t need a connection to any electronic device ; there ’s no appointments or deadlines , no emails or documents to prepare for the outside world . I leave my bag along with my troubles at the door , I bow my head , step onto the mat , and the learning begins.For over six years now , the martial art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has been that place . It has become a quiet ritual I undertake to disconnect in a positive way and relieve the built up frustrations , anger , and anxieties that life brings . It ’s a voluntary element of my week , but I know if I do n’t go I ’ll be missing out on an opportunity for introspection , challenge , and growth.The art of Jiu-Jitsu is a powerful sledge hammer for your ego . There are lessons to be learnt on the mat that no book can teach . In this place I ’ve been choked to the edge of consciousness repeatedly by a young man who also happens to be blind , I ’ve had my arms stretched beyond their normal positions by a man who is also paraplegic , and I ’ve been crushed on a regular basis by one particularly heavy man who is more than twice my age.The feedback is instant , weaknesses are exposed , and progress is achieved , but only through challenge.When I leave Jiu-Jitsu class and re-enter the ‘ real world ’ I ’m quickly reminded of just how valuable this practice of connecting to myself is . It ’s a practice that humans have utilised for hundreds , even thousands of years . In his writings , the legendary 17th-century Japanese Samurai Miyamoto Musashi — one of the most skilled and feared Samurai ever to live — delved into the balancing power that this introspection brings , “ There is nothing outside of yourself that can ever enable you to get better , stronger , richer , quicker , or smarter . Everything is within . Everything exists . Seek nothing outside of yourself . ” It all comes down to finding the place of balance . The Yin and the Yang.The Unbalanced SystemIt seems to me that right now — more than any other time in my memory — people are in desperate need of finding ways to disconnect from a world that is overwhelmingly outward facing . There are a few reasons for this , but one of the key reasons is that discovering the places that force the necessary inner reflection and challenge that promote growth are becoming harder and harder to find.It ’s the result of a society which is out of balance.Some academics believe the reasons for these troubles started in the 1970 ’s , developing slowly out of failed teaching and parenting strategies that over emphasised the importance of self-esteem and encouraged the ‘ everyone gets a medal ’ philosophy . The gradual reinforcement of this ‘ over-protective ’ attitude where confidence and external accomplishment are prioritised and the pain of failure , rejection or loss are minimised has now swamped just about all areas of western society . The results of this approach on individuals is what has now been labelled a ‘ crisis of unmet expectations ’ as people grow up in a system leaving them increasingly unprepared for the disconnect between what they believe their place in the world will be , and what that reality actually is.Since the mid-2000 ’s social media has been an excellent method of fueling this out of balance attitude . Through engaging on platforms like facebook , twitter and Instagram , people now have a tool capable of satisfying their want of external support and protection for any issue or cause . Regardless of how trivial that cause may be.After more than a decade of feeding this demand , the calls for greater support and protection have grown significantly more extreme . Today , any cause from abolishing alcohol related violence to receiving a lifetime supply of chicken nuggets can become a viral campaign capable of changing the way Governments , Businesses and Societies think and operate . All with the aim of protecting the individual.When you look into the psychological effects that this type of system can have on a person , things also become a lot more interesting.Social media has been proven to create surges in the chemical Dopamine and the hormone Oxytocin within the brain . Dopamine is a complex chemical connected to pleasurable experiences . While on social media , people ’s dopamine levels skyrocket . However , too much dopamine has been shown to cause a number of adverse side effects including a loss of concentration and increase in anxiety.Oxytocin also plays a significant role in forming bonds , and sexual reproduction . Levels of this hormone have been shown to rise by up to 13 % while on social media — which sounds like a positive effect . However , the problem is that too much of the hormone has also been shown to be responsible for reinforcing distinctions between groups and strengthening prejudices . Sound familiar?So over the past ten years , every person with a social media account has had access to a tool capable of strengthening a system which leaves many unprepared for the realities of the real world while at the same time overstimulating their brains desire for more validation , and potentially increasing their prejudices to an unhealthy level . It ’s not hard to see how that combination can degenerate into a back stream of trolls , click-bait , and fake news.We are now welcoming into the workforce the first generation who have emerged from their most significant period of brain development while exposed to these influences . Is it any wonder that observations of this new generation are that they are increasingly narcissistic , fame-obsessed , entitled and disengaged?And is this actually their fault?In trying to protect young people have we actively been helping them to avoid the things they are capable of overcoming on their own ? Have we been systematically preventing them from other paths to growth and self-empowerment that might fuel them onto greater things?The Emperors and Philosophers knew.This topic is not a new concern for human beings . Finding pathways to human fulfillment and exploring ways of engaging the next generation have been contemplated for thousands of years.Before Musashi , the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius gave many insights on finding inner strength and fulfillment through rejecting the external world and focusing on connection to self . He wrote , “ Look well into thyself ; there is a source of strength which will always spring up if thou wilt always look . ” his advice advocates that strength is found by focusing on understanding ourselves , not how others perceive ourselves on a social network . Knowing the difference between these two is an important distinction.Aurelius was one of the great philosophers of the stoic movement . A band of philosophy which emphasises inner reflection on all things . The Stoic philosophy also focuses on empowering the individual and strengthening their will through cultivating moral and spiritual insight — not participation medals and Instagram followers.Another famous Roman stoic named Seneca also gave his guidance on why disengaged people fall into the trap of inaction when confronted by difficult times , “ It ’s not because things are difficult that we dare not venture . It ’s because we dare not venture that they are difficult . ” Seneca understood that there is a discovery to be had from stepping up to and facing moments of great challenge . Again , a powerful lesson that has been known for centuries.These philosophies carried through to influence the thoughts of a number of modern writers and philosophers . Many of their most profound contributions were as a direct result of the suffering which they were exposed to during periods of significant global challenge.Jewish Holocaust Survivor Victor Frankl was one such example . He wrote in his inspirational 1946 book ‘ Man ’s Search for Meaning , ’ “ When we are no longer able to change a situation , we are challenged to change ourselves . ” Frankl had witnessed and endured an enormous period of difficulty and suffering on a scale unseen in modern history , but rather than become a victim he emerged with a greater awareness and willingness to give his wisdom to others , for , “ What is to give light must endure burning . ” His words are lined with priceless advice for the current generation . Although we can not change the situation , there is a way to change ourselves.The longevity of these philosophies and evidence of their practical and inspirational use are proof that establishing a deeper understanding of the self and challenging the self continually is a vital and important lesson . They are lessons people desperately need , and lessons that Governments , Businesses , and Societies need to cultivate in their people , not protect them from.The Counterbalance.There are many examples of great leaders and thinkers like Musashi , Aurelius and Frankl who were shaped by intense periods of suffering and inner reflection — Lincoln , Einstein , Mandela , and King spring to mind . But will leaders and thinkers of equal or greater impact emerge from the current system if they are not exposed and encouraged to similar levels challenge , introspection , and growth?Perhaps this in itself is our great collective challenge to overcome ? To break free from this shell of safety , distraction , and noise that insulates us , and leaves many unprepared and unsatisfied . To find a path back to balance.And where do you even begin to find this balance ? Well , it could be anywhere , in a forest , on top of a mountain , or in a cold , blank room on the edge of town.Originally published at www.rhysjack.com .	Finding The Path To Balance : No Yin Without Yang , No Growth Without Challenge .
By Michael Church HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - Carlos Queiroz has challenged Iran 's football authorities to remove him from his post as head coach of the country 's World Cup-bound national team if they do not appreciate his public criticism of preparations for next year 's finals in Russia . Iran have been drawn to face Queiroz 's native Portugal as well as Spain and Morocco in Group B , but the former Real Madrid coach has renewed calls for the country 's authorities to do more to support his team 's bid for a place in the second round . " I 'm here to say Iran needs special local preparations , " the 64-year-old said in a video posted on his Facebook ( NASDAQ : FB ) page after Friday 's World Cup draw in Moscow . " I do n't care about the threats and what they have been trying to do to stop me talking . The Iranian fans deserve special World Cup preparations . We need to implement special preparations to bring honour and pride . " They can fire me , I do n't care , but it 's time to express my opinion because the Iranian fans deserve that and the players deserve full support to be ready for this competition . " Queiroz has already fallen foul of Iranian authorities with his demand for more financial and logistical support for his team since they became the first Asian nation to book their ticket for Russia in June . But Alex Ferguson 's former assistant remains a hugely popular figure with Iranian football fans after securing back-to-back World Cup qualifications for the country for the first time in their history . However , Iran have exited the competition at the end of the group stage on each of their previous four appearances at the finals and Queiroz has set his sights on a place in the Round of 16 in Russia . " The draw is very exciting and very attractive and could not be better , " he said of the task that lies ahead of his team . " To play against Spain , Portugal and Morocco will be a great opportunity for our players to show why they are here and especially to show that they deserve to be here . " I 'm sure we are going to do well . We are going to be competitive as always and no matter what happens in each game , I 'm sure our fans will be proud and happy with the team . " From the players ' point of view , I 'm sure they are very excited to play against Portugal and Spain and also Morocco , because it 's a unique and rare opportunity for Iranian players to play against such great players and such great teams . "	Fire me if you do n't like my opinions , Queiroz tells Iran
In January 2012 , 27 senators sent the Supreme Court a 48-page legal brief . The Supreme Court would soon hear a landmark case on the legality of the Affordable Care Act ’s individual mandate . These senators wanted to warn the justices of grave consequences of repealing the requirement to carry health coverage . “ The individual mandate , ” they wrote , “ is at the heart of the PPACA . The remainder of the statute necessarily depends on its inclusion because without the mandate , the statute ’s reforms can not work as intended . ” The senators who wrote this letter were ( and are ) Republicans . The 23 senators who wrote this letter and still serve today voted to support a tax bill that repeal this provision that , in their own words , will mean that Obamacare ’s “ reforms can not work as intended . ” Senators have not developed a sudden case of amnesia — they have not forgotten the consequences of mandate repeal . Many spoke out against the idea of stand-alone repeal of the individual mandate this summer , when senators introduced a bill known as “ skinny repeal . ” That bill would have , like the tax bill , repealed the requirement to carry coverage — and senators harshly attacked it as a terrible policy . “ The skinny bill as policy is a disaster , ” Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R-NC ) said at the time . “ It is not a replacement in and of itself . ” But skinny repeal is essentially what Republicans have attached to their tax bill . And that provision runs the very real risk of causing disruption and possibly collapse in the Obamacare insurance marketplaces . Repealing the individual mandate would destabilize the individual insurance market The Senate bill includes a provision to repeal the Affordable Care Act ’s requirement that nearly all Americans carry insurance coverage , known as “ the individual mandate . ” Republicans see it as a winning move . The individual mandate is very unpopular . And repealing it will save more than $ 300 billion — which can pay for big tax cuts for corporations and the very wealthy . The best economic evidence we have shows that if the individual mandate disappears , premiums go up and millions of Americans lose coverage . The Congressional Budget Office pegs the decline in the number of insured at 13 million . Other economists are skeptical of the exact number — they say the coverage loss might be less — but they agree that we ’re talking about some number in the millions . The question is n’t whether the number of people with insurance will go down . The question is how many millions it will go down by . “ It ’s clearly going to be millions , ” says MIT economist Jon Gruber , who advised the Obama administration on the Affordable Care Act and had studied Massachusetts ’s individual mandate . Is it going to be 5 million , 7 million , or 13 million ? I ca n’t tell you the exact number , but I can tell you it ’s definitely in the millions . ” The CBO expects the coverage loss would look quite similar to what you would have seen under other Senate health plans , like the Better Care Reconciliation Act ( the main repeal bill in the chamber ) or the skinny repeal plan . Economists roundly expect premiums to rise if the individual mandate disappears , as healthier people exit the market leaving behind a sicker , more expensive insurance pool . Some Americans may gladly exit the marketplace , happy to no longer pay insurance premiums . But there would also be those who exit unwillingly , people who want to buy coverage but can not afford the rising cost of health insurance . “ Premiums go up , ” says Benjamin Sommers , a health economist at Harvard . “ Some people want coverage but have a lot going on in their lives , and may not enroll . ” The evidence from states is clear : mandates are critical to making Obamacare work Much of what we know about the individual mandate comes from states that have implemented or repealed insurance mandates . In the late 1990s , for example , Washington State passed reforms similar to the Affordable Care Act . It banned preexisting conditions and required all residents to carry health coverage . But that second policy was barred from taking effect . Insurance companies did n’t want to sell in a market where they had to accept everyone but people could decide not to purchase coverage . One insurance plan increased its premiums 78 percent over three years . By 1999 , no insurance plans would sell coverage in Washington . The market was dead — and the state ultimately had to repeal its ban on preexisting conditions to bring it back to life . As one report from the Washington state Insurance Commissioner ’s Office described it , the insurance market has entered a “ death spiral , ” with customers only buying coverage “ when they needed it . ” “ If you only have people who need care the most , insurance becomes really expensive really fast , ” Jim Havens , who ran an insurance plan in Washington , recently told the Los Angeles Times of the debacle . “ A mandate is fundamentally so important to make insurance affordable . ” And in Massachusetts , we ’ve seen the individual mandate play an important role in their 2006 coverage expansion . The state phased in the new policies . First , Massachusetts provided subsidies to make health insurance affordable for low-income residents . Then six months later , the state began to charge a fine for remaining uncovered . A 2011 paper in the New England Journal of Medicine found a big spike in enrollments after the mandate took effect , suggesting that the financial help was n’t enough to entice uninsured Massachusetts residents to enroll in coverage . The threat of the penalty also played a big role . “ There was a phase-in period , and we found that for healthy people , the subsidies were not sufficient inducement to buy health insurance , ” says Amitabh Chandra , a Harvard economist who led the NEJM study . “ There was a subsidy , and if people are rational actors , maybe they buy insurance , but people are irrational actors and they might just play on Bumble or Tinder and put off buying coverage until tomorrow . ” The CBO estimates that repealing Obamacare would reduce enrollment in the marketplaces by 8 million and in Medicaid by 5 million . That last finding can be a bit puzzling : Why would a mandate have any bearing on whether people enroll in a free health insurance program like Medicaid ? But it turns out , economists who study these issues have decent reason to expect that Medicaid enrollment would decline without a mandate . One of the things they ’ve observed with the Affordable Care Act is a “ welcome mat ” effect for Medicaid : People who were previously eligible for the program suddenly signing up when the Affordable Care Act took effect . They think some of that is due to the increased advertising for Obamacare , and some of it due to the fact that people heard it was now required by law to get coverage . “ If the main effect is that people collectively have the sense that ‘ I have to sign up for coverage , ’ that can have a big impact , ” says Sommers . “ It ’s reasonable that CBO is projecting some people in Medicaid might not stay , or new people who might be eligible might not go to the trouble of applying . ” Red states may be hit by individual mandate repeal the hardest If the individual mandate repeal does survive into the final tax bill , some experts expect that states that supported President Trump may face the worst outcomes . These states tend to have the weakest health insurance markets . Many only have one health insurance plan selling coverage . If that one plan decides it does n’t want to sell in a marketplace without a mandate , it could leave residents with zero health options . ( To be sure , Obamacare ’s subsidies have served as an inducement to get insurance plans into some of these less desirable marketplaces — it is alluring for insurance plans to sell in highly-subsidized , monopoly markets ) . Los Angeles Times reporter Noam Levey identifies “ Alaska , Iowa , Missouri , Nebraska , Nevada and Wyoming ” as the states at risk for having “ no options for coverage or health plans that are prohibitively expensive . ” These are states that only have one health plan selling on the Obamacare marketplace right now . What ’s more , states that support Obamacare may take the protective step of passing their own individual mandate to continue nudging residents into coverage . “ There is nothing stopping states from adopting their own state mandates , that could track the federal mandate precisely or be a variation , ” says Nicholas Bagley , a health policy expert at the University of Michigan . It ’s easy to envision a West Coast wall of insurance mandates as California , Oregon , and Washington move to protect the Affordable Care Act . Washington , DC , has already begun to explore the idea . It ’s harder to imagine Southeastern states like Mississippi and Alabama — places that have long rejected the health law ’s Medicaid expansion — taking the same actions . This could drive up the disparities between states that take action to replace the mandate and those who do n’t . “ You ’re quite likely to see that as an outcome , ” Bagley says . The tax bill is skinny repeal in disguise Republicans did n’t like skinny repeal when it was a stand-alone policy . They railed against the negative consequences . But now , 52 senators have voted to essentially turn skinny repeal into policy buy tacking the individual mandate repeal onto their tax bill . This does n’t change the consequences — the “ disaster ” that Republicans predicted earlier this year . That stays the same , even of the votes in Congress have changed , and will affect millions of Americans who rely on the Affordable Care Act for coverage .	The tax bill is the start of Obamacare collapse
Kyuhyun greeted his fans on Twitter for the first time since his military enlistment . The 29-year-old singer took to Twitter on Friday , December 1 to share a photo of him which was possibly taken during his break from military service . Wearing a casual outfit , he stood on the street overlooking trees on its sides . " Welcome , it 's been a while since a monthly purple egg post ^ ^ #My hair looks stupid but will you be okay with me like this , " he captioned it , poking fun at his short cropped hair which has now grown since he cut it shorter when he enlisted in May . While the Super Junior member seemingly worried about how his fans would react to his hair , they did n't seem to mind it at all . They were all simply excited that their idol updated his Twitter account after a while . " I LOVE YOU SO MUCH NEVER GO THIS LONG WITHOUT UPDATING US MY BABY I MISS YOU SO MUCH !!!! " one wrote . Another commented on his look , " Yess handsome as always . " One other added , " Finally my lovely kyuhyun update his twiter again . " On the same day , Ji Chang Wook who is currently also serving in military updated his Instagram for the first time since his enlistment . The " Suspicious Partner " star shared a photo of him sitting on a field with his friends . Sporting a buzzcut , he appeared to be enjoying his break playing a sport with his friends . His fans expressed their excitement in the comment section . " Hi , " one simply greeted him . Another wrote , " We missed you . " Another follower wrote , " Long time no see . " However , the picture has been deleted from his Instagram account for an unknown reason . Kyuhyun officially began his mandatory military service on May 25 . He is serving the country as a social service worker after completing 4-week training at Nonsan Army Training Center . He is unable to serve as an active soldier after he fractured his hip and ribs in a severe car accident in 2007 . He was in a coma for four days and only had 20 % rate of survival . He is expected to be discharged on May 24 , 2019 . While currently serving in military , it was recently revealed that the " At Gwanghwamun " singer participated in Super Junior 's eighth and latest album " PLAY " . He had recorded his part in " Girlfriend " and " Too Late " before he enlisted . As for Ji Chang Wook , he quietly enlisted on August 14 and is currently serving in the 3rd Infantry Division . He is expected to return sometime in May 2019 .	Super Junior 's Kyuhyun Pokes Fun at His ' Stupid ' Hair in First Twitter Post Since Enlistment
Peeved Online Shopper Catches Inconsiderate Delivery Driver ' Dropping ' Off PackageA Diamond Bar man thought his security cameras would prevent his packages from getting stolen . Instead , he found a delivery driver who treated his items in a less than fragile manner . Jeff Nguyen reports.In This Christmas Light ' Competition , ' The Whole Neighborhood WinsOn Friday , residents of Manning Street flipped the switch to turn on their elaborate Christmas light displays , which they set to music and connect to each other 's homes.Tina Patel reports.Washington Stunned As Trump 's Former National Security Adviser Admits To Lying To FBIMichael Flynn admitted today that he lied to the FBI about meetings with Russian diplomats . He said he was directed to meet with Russians from a high-ranking person in the Trump campaign , believed to be Jared Kushner , the president 's son-in-law . Tom Wait reports.Chris Pratt Wants His Fans To Know A ' Pervy Dude ' Is Impersonating HimThe actor says the impersonator has been targeting his female fans . Stacey Butler reports .3 Injured In Wild Pile-Up Following Multi-Vehicle Crash In ChatsworthOne person was seriously hurt , two others suffered minor injuries . Stu Mundel reports.Senate GOP Works Into The Night On Tax OverhaulBill undergoes many changes late Friday . Dave Bryan reports .	Peeved Online Shopper Catches Inconsiderate Delivery Driver ' Dropping ' Off Package
Amazon Delivery Driver Caught on Camera Pooping in Driveway : A contracted female Amazon driver in suburban Sacramento was caught in a home surveillance video pooping in the driveway of a home she was delivering a package . I do n’t mean to take sides here , but in the driver ’s defense — she was delivering toiletries after all.German Tourist Feared Eaten By Cannibals : A German tourist who disappeared under mysterious circumstances on the South Pacific island of Nuku Hiva is believed to have been eaten by cannibals . While part of the joy of traveling is sampling the local cuisine , I can see where much of that enjoyment could be lost once you discover that YOU are local cuisine.China Signs a $ 74 Million Deal to Import UK Pig Semen : The Financial Times reports that the UK and China have just signed a $ 74 million deal to export semen from superior British pigs to Chinese farms where the Chinese pigs will then be artificially inseminated . Good grief , sounds like a few lucky UK pigs will soon be in for a rather pleasant surprise .	Amazon Delivery Driver Caught on Camera Pooping in Driveway
There is something fascinating in analyzing the lies of media personalities . One such lie that has always gotten to me is that climate change does n’t exist . Now , this really puzzles me ; why would you so readily choose money over the truth?While the opinions of flamboyant , egotistic millionaires should n’t affect me , or most people for that matter , it is not the opinions , but the seeds of doubt spread by these characters that are the most dangerous.A few years ago , a friend of mine who was a staunch disbeliever in the idea of climate change questioned the integrity of the scientific community . His argument was in essence : “ Why should we trust the people who , for all we know , could be taking our money and using it for personal gain ? ” Now , this idea is terrifying to me . Not because I believe it , but because I understand the repercussions such an idea can have on how we treat science.Science as academia is terrifying to many . Complicated jargon , unfamiliar statistical analysis , and writing geared towards other scientists with experience in a specific subject field make trying to read the thousands of papers on climate change intimidating and unfriendly . And people realize this . From big oil tycoons to coal conglomerates , people who profit from the destruction of our Earth are taking advantage of people like my friend.It probably makes sense then , when a person of significance appears on a morning news broadcast to downplay the importance of climate change . These people seem to speak for the majority ; they are charismatic , charming , and simple to understand . Their arguments , however flawed , are held together by their charm , and the idea that because they can be understood , they should be trusted . And people fall right into this trap.Attacking science seems easy . It ’s easy to attack a bunch of nerds who ca n’t explain their work to most people and who do n’t exactly try to . But this is n’t to insult the work of dedicated scientists , who I commend for the important work they do . Without the work of science , vicious diseases and major problems would never the discovered/solved . And without the ethics and integrity of the scientific community , it ’s likely that science would have been exploited long ago.But today , with climate change on the rise and the wallets of many threatened , scientists face yet another challenge : proving their integrity . It is no longer a matter of preventing people from publishing a bogus study intended to generate wealth and fame , but a matter of keeping the influence of millionaires and billionaires from representing science in a false light . And if we choose not to stand up to lies and misrepresentations of the truth , then we are all guilty of allowing academia to be overtaken by greed.There is a shift occurring in the United States . People who would have once been booed off a stage for the things they said are now placed in the highest echelons of government . The same view applies for how we treat science . Only a few years ago , we would not even stop to question its importance . But today , we are at risk of losing something so valuable and important to the fabric of society.It ’s up to us to protect science , or forever regret it.Polar ice on both poles has reached an all time low — NASAThanks so much for reading ! I hope you enjoyed my first article on Medium . If you ’d like to see more , please check out jareerpost.com .	Why attacking science is not the answer
We chatted for 4 months , went on two dates within that period and only kissed . I ALWAYS have to initiate contact tho he keeps the conv going sometimes like ask me questions back and stuff ! After the first date he went a week without texting so i did and he said oh i was just thinking about you blah blah ... texted for 5 days straight then he asked me out again , while on the date he asked if we could hangout fri i said i ca n't , after that we texted for 2 days then he went quiet for 2 weeks until i reached out again ! Texted for 3 days like normal then he kinda mentioned he 's not in the same city anymore . He 'll have to move for school asap , i was shocked " OH OK well i wish you a bright future and i 'm sad i wo n't see u again " he said he 'll visit my city in like a month to see his friends before he leaves and then he mentioned that we can hangout ? i said ya sure ( i do n't even know why he wants too it 's pointless ) He went on and on about how it 's unfortunate timing cuz he thinks i 'm an amazing person and that he wish that he had more time to spend it with me and then he goes i wish our paths cross again ! I said it 's ok we can be friends . He then asked me to add him on fb , and when i did 2 days later he texted mesaying " yay i was waiting for the pretty girl to add me ( kiss face ) " !!! I 'm emotionally tired tbh	He 's confusing me big time . Is it even worth it ?
World 's biggest battery powers up in South AustraliaA 100MW Tesla battery system , which Elon Musk promised to install in less than 100 days , has come online in South … www.theengineer.co.ukTesla has completed its project to build a giant lithium-ion battery to provide power to South Australia more than a month ahead of schedule . Elon Musk initially promised that if the project was not completed in 100 days , Tesla would do the project free of charge . However , they were able to complete the project in just 63 days , completing a huge project that has the potential to provide huge amounts of clean energy to the region . This is an important part of South Australia ’s transition to clean , renewable energy , which it plans to implement more of in the years to come , and eventually be reliant on only renewable sources . In recent years bad storms and heat waves have frequently left people in South Australia without power , and this new battery paired with a new wind farm will help get power back to people in future events like these . Hopefully , more projects like this find their ways into other countries , as this seems like a big step forward for renewable energy .	Largest battery goes online
My relationship with my parents is difficult and painful and I am wondering whether I should continue to see them . I was the youngest child . My father is an alcoholic and was drinking when I was growing up ( he has now stopped ) and my mother was emotionally distant – working hard as the only supporter of the family , but spending much of her free time out of the house , away from my father . She always provided me with clothes , books and amazing travel opportunities , but never gave me any emotional support . As a teenager , I developed eating disorders . My father persecuted me , blaming me for the family ’s problems . We had volatile fights . My mother did n’t know how to deal with this and buried her head in the sand . I attempted suicide twice . I was given antidepressants , but therapy never followed . At 18 , I left for university ( my mother fought my father over this , as he did n’t want me to leave home ) . I struggled with my eating disorders for years , eventually stopping with the help of therapy . I am now in my 40s , married to a wonderful , supportive husband , and love being mother to two happy children and enjoy fulfilling work . However , I struggle hugely when visiting my family . I only see them once every year or two . Everyone tries to act as if we are a big , happy family . I struggle to pretend everything is OK , as I am angry and hurt . My parents make hurtful , insensitive remarks that take me back to being a teenager . Part of me does n’t want to see my family at all . I debate whether it is worth discussing these issues with them , but I am not sure they have the emotional intelligence to engage and fear I will be left vulnerable and disappointed again . I edited out some key details to protect your identity . Sometimes , in complicated families , the tendency is to look back to try to make sense of things , and this has great merit . But it can take much energy , and provide little resolution . Sometimes , the best thing you can do is to look at the now , and work forwards . Chris Mills , an experienced psychotherapist ( ukcp.org.uk ) , thinks it is amazing that , despite everything that has happened , you are not repeating patterns in your family and have created a good life for yourself . He says : “ Sometimes , someone [ in the family ] takes a deep breath , does the work and stops the rot . ” Mills thinks there are some “ green shoots ” in the bleakness of your early years . Namely , that your mother did things that “ could be described as emotional support in the way that she could . She showed that you had value and you were worth doing things for . ” I think the fact that she stood up to your father – when she usually did n’t – in facilitating you to leave home , was very telling . You have been through some incredibly tough emotional landscapes and now you find yourself struggling with the way your family is . “ What you seem to be finding unbearable , ” says Mills , “ is that you have to put a brave face on it [ when you get together with your family ] , whereas you ’ve dedicated your life to being authentic , and suddenly you have to go back . ” Mills and I feel it is “ crucially important ” that you know you do n’t have to continue having contact with your family . But , some things to think about . Often when people write to me about wanting to sever contact , it is the actual act of cutting ties they focus on , but that is not the hardest bit ; neither is it always the closure they hope for . You need to think about whether it is just your parents you want to cut ties with or your siblings , too ? What about wider family ? What about your children and their relationship with your family ? It is up to you who you no longer see , and you can make it clear if you want your children to continue to have a relationship with them . But that may mean you also still have some contact ( you do n’t say how old your children are ) . “ If you decide you want to stay in contact , ” suggests Mills , “ you could do something incredibly brave – and you are incredibly brave . You could write them a letter – not an email – saying : ‘ I want us to talk about the past , not to beat anyone up about it , but so we can have a shared reality , because I need that . ’” Of course , there may be no response . “ As you see it , ” says Mills , “ there ’s a family story your family cling to . And , largely , people do n’t like it when others come in telling them that story is wrong . So they may rather scapegoat you than listen to your other story . ” I think you need to be realistic about how much they will change . I asked Mills how you could accept the anger and he explained it was OK to be angry , but said : “ Sometimes anger only recedes if you can express it . ” But expressing it to your family – if they wo n’t listen – wo n’t bring the resolution you need . But , says Mills : “ All of us are entitled to protect ourselves from harm , wherever that harm comes from . ” You have the right not to have to see your parents if you do n’t want to . If you do still see them , “ you have to manage your expectations , ” says Mills . “ If you do cut ties , remember you are doing it for the best reasons ; it ’s not an aggressive thing , but protective . There are conditions attached whatever you do . There will probably be no golden sunset where your parents are concerned . But you have created the golden sunset – in your own life . ” • In the UK the Samaritans can be contacted on 116 123 . In the US , the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is 1-800-273-8255 . In Australia , the crisis support service Lifeline is on 13 11 14 . Other international suicide helplines can be found at www.befrienders.org . Your problems solved Contact Annalisa Barbieri , The Guardian , Kings Place , 90 York Way , London N1 9GU or email annalisa.barbieri@mac.com . Annalisa regrets she can not enter into personal correspondence This article originally appeared on The Guardian	My relationship with my parents has always been difficult and I wonder if I should cut all ties ?
Chris Stapleton had a total giggle fit when he found out his wife Morgane is pregnant with twins . “ I think I laughed for about 20 minutes straight when they told us . I was just shocked , ” the country star , 39 , told Today ‘ s Willie Geist about his initial reaction to the baby news . “ I did n’t know what else to do . … I was in shock . Shocked is the only word , ” he later added . “ It was n’t a laugh , it was more like a giggle . He giggled for like 25 minutes , ” said Morgane , who announced she was expecting in an Instagram post on the couple ’s 10-year anniversary , Oct. 30 . The Stapletons , who wed in 2007 , are already parents to a son and daughter . The couple has chosen not to publicly reveal the names of their children . Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements , plus celebrity mom blogs ? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter . For more coverage , follow our country magazine on Flipboard . The couple do not yet know the sex of their twins but their other children are hoping for a baby brother and a baby sister . “ They want one of each so they each get a new buddy , that ’s what they say , ” the mother-to-be said about her son and daughter ’s predictions of a little brother or sister . “ I ’ll see what I can do , ” she also joked . “ I do n’t want to find out but the kids want to find out so I think we ’re gon na find out . I lost that fight . ” In November , Morgane showed off her baby bump at the 2017 CMA Awards in Nashville , Tennessee .	Chris Stapleton ' Laughed for 20 Minutes Straight ' When He Learned His Wife Is Pregnant with Twins
Moby 's global success made him the " worst version " of himself.The 52-year-old musician hit the big time with his 1999 album ' Play ' - which sold over 10 million copies and have every track licensed to films , TV shows and adverts - and he has admitted the attention he received made him " insane " while he indulged in a lot of " depraved " behaviour.He told Mojo magazine : " A lot of degeneracy , depravity , hedonism , sybaritic behaviour came after that ... " I had a lot of insecurity and in the course of just a few months , you had everyone in the world celebrating you like you 're some demi-god . " Every woman you 've ever longed for is suddenly in love with you . " It did n't just make me insane , it made me the worst version of myself that I could be . " I became entitled but also anxious , my alcoholism went out of control , but so id my self-loathing . It sort of rearranges your neutral architecture - wonderful when it 's happening but when it starts to go away , that 's when you really start to lose your mind . " The ' Porcelain ' hitmaker admitted there were a lot of " unnecessary " releases connected with the album , but he did n't want his success to end.He said : " We mined the album to the point where there was nothing left . The last real single was a version of ' Honey ' with Kelis and Pharrell . " ' Play ' had been out for two years and I remember thinking , ' This is just unnecessary ' . But I wanted that success to go on forever . " I wanted to stay drunk and promiscuous ad surrounded by sycophants . " And after reaching the peak of success , Moby admitted he then had a seven-year downward spiral behind closed doors.He said : " The next seven years was a downward spiral of entitlement and bitterness and belligerence ... it did n't happen in public much , it happened on tour buses at four in the morning or in my apartment after 15 drinks and $ 300 worth of cocaine . " For a while it did bother me , that nothing I did after that had the same level of success and to my shame there was a time in the 2000s when I desperately wanted to claw my way back to the success I 'd had with ' Play ' . "	Moby 's global success made him the ' worst version ' of himself
NEW DELHI ( AP ) — A strong cyclone over the southeast Arabian Sea has triggered heavy rains and strong winds , damaging hundreds of huts , power lines and trees in southern India and killing at least eight people , officials said Saturday.More than 1,000 people have taken shelter in relief centers in Kanyakumari and Tirunelveli districts in Tamil Nadu state , officials said.The India Meteorological Department said heavy rains and strong winds lashed Lakshasweep , a group of 36 islands , on Saturday.At least eight people have been killed in Tamil Nadu and Kerala states since Friday . Krishan Kumar , a relief agency spokesman , said the casualties were mainly caused by falling trees and power lines.The cyclone is likely to intensify with gusts of up to 175 kilometers ( 110 miles ) per hour and then weaken after recurving in the Arabian Sea , according to India 's Meteorological Department.Television images showed parts of Kanyakumari district flooded and without electricity , with severe damage to power lines . In Kanyakumari and Thoothukudi districts , strong winds uprooted more than 500 trees , snapped power lines and damaged settlements close to the sea.More than 150 fishermen have been rescued so far in Kerala state and another 150 fishermen managed to return to the shores on their own , the New Delhi television News channel reported.Rescue operations were underway , with the Indian navy , air force and coast guard searching for 14 fishermen unaccounted for in the Thiruvananthapuram-Kollam coastal area .	Strong cyclone kills at least 8 in southern India
As you know , Path Of Exile on Xbox One has been a huge hit , but it is still in its early days . We know that many of you guys have come here to buy POE Xbox currency and we wanted to share with you our thoughts on what could make the game better.Better Trading ExperienceTo be fair the Xbox One version of Path Of Exile is still in its infancy , but the trading in the game is a little on the clunky side and we would like to see it just streamlined a little bit . It is manageable , but it could be so much more user friendly.Xbox One EventsThe problem with Xbox One is stuff disappears from the home screen as quick as it pops up . Path Of Exile having a new event once a month , that was heavily promoted on Xbox One would really do wonders to get a new player base , but also offer more fun for the existing player base.We are talking more tabs in general here . But specifically , we would like to see more tabs on the inventory screen . A tab for maps , tab for cards , coins and pretty much everything else . It may make the screen look a little busy , but playing a game like Path Of Exile on a controller requires things like this to make it quick and easy to get to menus.We feel that the launch of Path Of Exile on Xbox One has been great and it is just a few little things that need to be changed to make it overall better . We would love to know what changes you would like to see in the Xbox One version of Path Of Exile in the comments below . Also be sure to check out the Hot Sale so you can buy POE xbox orbs and save yourself some money , all the while stocking up on Orbs!What Could Be Improved In POE XBOX ?	What Could Be Improved In Path Of Exile On Xbox One ?
Hanoi ( AFP ) - Global burger behemoth McDonald 's opened its first branch on Saturday in the historic heart of communist Hanoi , a conservative city renowned for its traditional -- and cheap -- Vietnamese staples beloved by food-obsessed locals.Hungry customers lined up for Big Macs and Chicken McNuggets at the Vietnamese capital 's first location overlooking the tree-lined Hoan Kiem lake , in a city that draws millions of tourists annually to see French-era colonial buildings and sample street-food favourites like pho noodle soup and banh mi sandwiches.The restaurant is the first outside of the southern commercial hub Ho Chi Minh City , where 16 branches have opened since McDonald 's first came to Vietnam in 2014 to much fanfare , especially among the rapidly-growing middle class and American-obsessed youth . The global fast food chain received a similarly warm welcome in Hanoi on Saturday , as hungry diners crammed into the two-storey eatery for a first taste of the Golden Arches . For 84-year-old Tran Dinh Luyen , who fought against the US in the Vietnam War , the restaurant was a sign of warming ties with a former enemy . " I am happy that McDonald 's has opened a restaurant in Hanoi.It 's a very famous American brand , so it shows how far US-Vietnam relations have come , " he told AFP after mowing down on a Big Mac with his daughter and granddaughter . But not everyone agreed . " It 's a rip-off ... this fast food is for kids only , it 's not good at all , " 90-year-old Ta Xuan Huong said , espousing his love for traditional cuisine . Some curious tourists stopped to see what all the fuss was about , perplexed that a brand ubiquitous in the West would draw so much attention . " It 's kind of random to see McDonald 's opening ... it 's an interesting cultural experience to see how important it is that the store is opening here , " American Dan Moore told AFP , after his wife remarked she might not have expected to find one of the most salient symbols of capitalism in the communist country . - Sizzling market - The one-party state has seen dizzying economic growth in recent years as it has opened its doors to foreign investment , which has included an influx of western chains like Starbucks , KFC and Burger King . Growth in the fast food sector has been buoyed by rapidly rising incomes -- annual per capita income has more than doubled in the past decade to about $ 2,100 today -- especially among under-30s , who make up half of Vietnam 's population of 93 million people.The man who brought the chain to the country , Henry Nguyen -- who once flipped burgers for McDonald 's in the United States where he grew up after his family fled the war -- said the Vietnamese market has great potential . " Vietnam is on a growth trajectory that we believe that in five years , 10 years , 20 years , is going to be a fantastic market and to be able to try to capture that opportunity , you need to be able to build from today , " said Nguyen , who is the son-in-law of former prime minister Nguyen Tang Dung . The fast food industry in Vietnam has seen double-digit growth annually for the past five years , and the country has the highest 2017 growth in Asia-Pacific for fast food chains , according to market research firm Euromonitor International . Though meals can cost as much as three times the local fare , customers are still showing strong appetite . " Young people like to hang out in fast food restaurants as they are seen as a cool and nice place ... and these customers also like the taste of the food , " Euromonitor analyst Samuel Huynh told AFP .	Communist Hanoi gets its first McDonald 's
The Complacent Class from Tyler Cowen is a recent book that is focused on the US . Like most new developments also this ‘ complacency epidemic ’ has crossed the ocean to Western Europe . And although it might have started with Millennials , it has now spread across all age classes.People are not responding to questions , agenda-commitments or plain email . If they respond at all , it is weeks later than the deadline . People are not showing up or are late for meetings and do n’t even cancel the meeting or apologize anymore . For some this habit is a convenient practice as they are not held accountable and can do whatever they want.It is becoming increasingly difficult to do business with those slow responses . And I think it is already impacting our competitive position . How different this situation is in Asia ! Their people are very responsive and helpful . They respond very fast , often within a day . They are more used to a competitive situation where you have to respond or someone else will take over your assignment or job.Soon , there will be much more competition for work everywhere , because many jobs will be replaced by technology . Here is an article from Axios on McKinsey ’s recent report.In a new study that is optimistic about automation yet stark in its appraisal of the challenge ahead , McKinsey says massive government intervention will be required to hold societies together against the ravages of labor disruption over the next 13 years . Up to 800 million people — including a third of the work force in the U.S. and Germany — will be made jobless by 2030 , the study says.The bottom line : The economy of most countries will eventually replace the lost jobs , the study says , but many of the unemployed will need considerable help to shift to new work , and salaries could continue to flatline . “ It ’s a Marshall Plan size of task , ” Michael Chui , lead author of the McKinsey report , tells Axios.In the eight-month study , the McKinsey Global Institute , the firm ’s think tank , found that almost half of those thrown out of work — 375 million people , comprising 14 % of the global work force — will have to find entirely new occupations , since their old one will either no longer exist or need far fewer workers . Chinese will have the highest such absolute numbers — 100 million people changing occupations , or 12 % of the country ’s 2030 work force.I asked Chui what surprised him the most of the findings . “ The degree of transition that needs to happen over time is a real eye opener , ” he said . — https://www.axios.com/mckinsey-automation-may-throw-800m-people-out-of-work-by-2030-2513416488.html?utm_source=newsletter&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_campaign=newsletter_axiosfutureofwork&amp;stream=future-of-workThis shift is already started and will grow exponentially . If you want to stay relevant in the marketplace , you absolutely need to shift from complacency to responsiveness ; otherwise you will be obsolete before you know it !	Complacency is spreading like wildfire
The EU is exploring the inclusion of a “ punishment clause ” in any future trade deal with the UK to allow Brussels to slap tariffs on key British exports to the bloc if the UK government seeks to gain a commercial advantage by lowering regulatory standards . In a move that would torpedo the post-Brexit plans of the British cabinet ’s key Brexiters , any significant attempts by Whitehall to lower regulatory costs to British businesses in one part of the economy could be met by tariffs from Brussels on another . An attempt to grab a larger share of the world market in aluminium , for example , by loosening regulation and reducing production costs in the UK could provoke a punitive tariff on British beef sales to the EU , a sector on which thousands of jobs rely . In a leaked letter to the prime minister last month , key pro-Brexit ministers Michael Gove and Boris Johnson suggested that the UK could overhaul regulations in some sectors after leaving the bloc “ to give the UK big advantages over EU members ” . A senior Conservative said : “ Brexiters within the cabinet , and within the party , are pushing for divergence , and see it as a priority for the end state . ” But the Guardian understands that the EU intends to ensure there are heavy constraints on any attempt by the British government to diverge from the current regulatory system in any free trade deal . The shadow trade secretary , Barry Gardiner , said : “ Clearly the EU does not trust the assurances that UK ministers have given about maintaining social , environmental and workplace rights and standards . They think the UK is likely to pursue a deregulatory race to the bottom . “ Such a punishment clause as the EU appears to be contemplating would be hard to reconcile with the rules based system of the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) to which both we and the EU are committed . ” The revelation exposes how difficult the coming discussions are likely to be should the negotiations widen this month to take in trade . While keen to develop a wide-ranging free trade agreement with the UK , the EU is determined to protect its economic interests and ensure regulatory standards are maintained . What is the EU withdrawal bill ? What is the EU withdrawal bill ? The EU Withdrawal Bill – once known as the Great Repeal Bill – is going through the House of Commons to repeal the 1972 European Communities Act and transpose all existing EU legislation into domestic UK law , which will avoid a ' cliff-edge ' change on the day after we leave the EU . Parts of the bill have been highly controversial , and MPs have tabled hundreds of amendments to try and change its wording , including a significant number of Conservative rebels . Some of the key controversies include its use of so-called Henry VIII powers , which will give government ministers the power to tweak the wording of laws to make sure they make sense in UK legislation - but those changes could take place without having to go through parliament . MPs have called this a " power grab " by the government . The government estimates around 800 to 1,000 measures called statutory instruments will be required to make sure the bill is applied correctly . Other concerns include the government 's decision not to include the EU charter of fundamental rights in the law being transposed . Other amendments are attempts to affect the Brexit process , including legislating for a transitional period and giving MPs a binding meaningful vote on the deal secured by Theresa May , before the deal is finalised . Was this helpful ? Thank you for your feedback . According to multiple EU sources , a range of options have been examined in order to ensure Britain stays aligned with the rest of Europe , but the imposition of tariffs to make key British exports more expensive for EU consumers is featuring prominently in the minds of its officials . The tariffs would not necessarily be imposed on the sector where the UK has lightened its regulatory demands . To make the punitive tariffs work , they would need to be put on the key exports from the UK into the EU . A senior EU official told the Guardian : “ There have been threats , and so there will be safeguards . This is not a case of two equal blocs that will have to accommodate with one another and will have to find ways to manage divergence . If they want access to single market , they will have to comply with EU laws . ” The UK ’s biggest exporting sectors to the EU beyond telecoms and financial services are transport and food , which account for 1m and 373,000 jobs respectively . The EU ’s deputy chief negotiator , Sabine Weyand , a trade expert and key problem solver in the European commission , is understood to have been working on the details of the clause . Even by April , it was clear in the EU ’s guidelines on how it would pursue the negotiations with Westminster that Brussels was determined to maintain a level playing field with the UK and there would be protective measures devised against unfair competitive advantages . The extent to which Brussels is intending to constrain regulatory divergence will come as a blow to May ’s government , however . Mujtaba Rahman , a former Treasury and commission official , and now head of Europe for the Eurasia Group risk consultancy , said : “ There ’s been a lot of serious thinking in Brussels about future UK-EU trade relations . The most important concern for negotiators is how to protect EU markets against competitive advantages the UK may acquire from even minor regulatory divergences . It ’s bad news for the Brexiters , but tariffs are likely to play a significant role in the EU ’s trade defence . “ Negotiating a free trade agreement with a partner where there is significant trade overlap , geographical proximity and no ability to enforce regulatory convergence has never been done before ; the EU is starting from a blank sheet of paper . This presents lots of risk for EU markets and negotiators are going to equip themselves to ensure they can respond , and forcefully , if needed . ” The level of the tariffs would be limited by the WTO rules , but they could still be highly punitive . Applicable tariffs could include 13 % on salmon , 14 % on wine , 40 % on cheese and 59 % on beef . Andrew Lang , a law professor at Edinburgh University who is studying the implications of Brexit on trade , said : “ A trade agreement which includes obligations to adopt specific regulatory rules governing the production of certain products is rare , if not unheard of . But the circumstances of a potential UK-EU free trade agreement are unique , so it is impossible to rule it out . ” The British negotiating team , led by Olly Robbins , the chief Downing Street Brexit adviser , was informed privately by key EU officials right at the start of the negotiations that safeguards would be necessary , given the talk of regulatory divergence coming from senior government figures . However , direct engagement between the negotiating teams over a future relationship will not commence until the EU member states have judged that “ sufficient progress ” has been made on the opening issues – citizens ’ rights , the financial settlement and the avoidance of a hard border between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland – which have been beset by nine months of wrangling . May and the president of the European commission , Jean-Claude Juncker , are due to have a working lunch on Monday to “ take stock ” of the situation in the hope that talks can widen after the European council summit of leaders on 14 and 15 December . Sources in the Department for Exiting the European Union pointed out that the government had made clear it would seek a new “ dispute resolution ” mechanism to cover disagreements over “ regulatory divergence ” after Brexit – and would expect that to encompass remedies in the case of undercutting . A spokesman for the European commission declined to comment . This article originally appeared on The Guardian	Brussels may include ' punishment clause ' in post-Brexit trade deal
CHICAGO ( CBS ) — Another passenger has filed a lawsuit against Boeing and American Airlines after the airplane she was on caught fire last year on the O’Hare International Airport tarmac when part of the engine failed . About 20 people were taken to hospitals after the right engine of Miami-bound American Airlines Flight 383 broke into four pieces about 2:30 p.m. Oct. 28 , 2016 , according to fire officials and the National Transportation Safety Board . The suit filed Friday in Cook County Circuit Court also names General Electric Aviation as a defendant , claiming the company sold faulty engines that Boeing used to assemble the 767 aircraft . The plaintiff , Emily Schnoll , was seated in a row that was adjacent to the area where the engine caught fire , according to the suit . As a result , she was “ violently thrown about the cabin and then caused to endure smoke from the engine failure entering the cabin area . ” Due to her inability to evacuate the plane in a timely manner , Schnoll also claims to have suffered “ emotional and physical distress . ” In addition , the suit claims that Schnoll was unlawfully detained by police at O’Hare following the incident . A Boeing spokesperson said their general policy is to not comment on litigation . Representatives for GE did not immediately respond to requests for comment . An NTSB report issued after the fire said one of the fractures on the turbine disk of the engine was “ consistent with fatigue cracking . ” Takeoff was aborted due to the “ uncontained engine failure ” that led to fuel pooling under the plane ’s right wing , which then burst into flames , authorities said . One piece of the turbine disk went through the inboard section of the right wing , over the fuselage and into a UPS warehouse facility more than a half-mile away . Another piece was found about 1,600 feet away , but it was still on O’Hare property , authorities said . No fire breached the cabin , and the 20 hospitalized passengers were released a night after the fire . “ We ’re proud of our pilots , flight attendants and other team members who responded quickly to take care of our customers under very challenging circumstances , ” a representative for American said in an emailed statement . “ American is actively participating in the National Transportation Safety Board ’s investigation and will continue to work with the NTSB and the other parties to the investigation of this event . ” In November 2016 , 18 passengers filed suit claiming American , Boeing and GE acted negligently . The latest five-count negligence suit seeks more than $ 250,000 in damages . ( Source : Sun-Times Media Wire &amp; copy ; Chicago Sun-Times 2017 . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . )	Another Passenger Sues After Engine Caught Fire At O’Hare In 2016
Whether or not on good finances or no longer , who does n’t love to spend a couple of dollars less than what turned into estimated , at some point of touring?There is in reality a variety of approaches wherein you can reduce down your fees even as visiting . You may stick to moderate inns and keep away from hitting restaurants often for your tour . You could additionally reduce back a touch on the buying and forestall spending on pointless stuff . Whenever we cross on a protracted trip or should journey outstation , Car Rental in Jaipur is not exactly a reasonably-priced option , however , there are positive approaches through which you may keep a few bucks whilst journeying in an automobile!Here are a few pointers a good way to definitely assist you to shop pretty a few bucks whilst travelling with the aid of automobile : The manner of saving cash starts off evolved right from the time from when you eBook your car . You want to move for a vehicle provider , which provides you with a widespread rate . Do not move for ones that are extraordinarily reasonably-priced on the grounds that then the service may be compromised . Do not pass for the ones , which have a comparatively better price since it does no longer assure better offerings . This way at least you may ensure that you get services which can be worth the cash.When Taxi Services in Jaipur , mainly online , take a look at our numerous websites and examine their fees . Do now not check out just one website or service provider and choose them . There are quite a few apps , for you to help you to examine vehicle condominium services prices . You may check them out too.It ’s far usually quality to e-book your automobile at once . In case you undergo people , then continually take into account that your overall value might be consisting of the fee . This commission sincerely adds pretty a hefty amount to the authentic , and as a result , by way of fending off the middlemen , you can actually save a few exact amount of money.While you Car Rental for Ranthambore , book it early . In case you make the booking online , you will discover that there are pretty a few offers so that you can assist you to keep in case you eBook early . So maintain a test on that and go for offers which work pleasant for you.In case you are touring from one location to any other in a vehicle , say for a 14-day experience , then discover whether or not it will price you much less in case you hire a car for the complete journey or if you preserve changing cars from vicinity to Jaipur Tour Package . Generally hiring one vehicle will take you much less , however , discover that out and go for the less expensive option.Attempt out those incredible cash-saving hacks !	Money Saving Tricks Whilst you Travelling and Hire a Taxi or Cab
SYDNEY ( AFP ) - Academy award-winning actor Geoffrey Rush resigned as head of an Australian film industry body Saturday after allegations surfaced against him of " inappropriate behaviour " . Rush , who has denied any wrongdoing , stepped down as president of the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts ( AACTA ) , which he had led for several years , the organisation said in a statement . " AACTA acknowledges the decision today of Geoffrey Rush to voluntarily step aside as president of AACTA and accepts and respects his decision to do so , " it said . " We have been deeply concerned about the situation and support a course of action that both respects Geoffrey 's rights to the presumption of innocence and due process , but also acknowledges good corporate governance in these circumstances , " it added , declining further comment . Rush , 66 , took the step after the Sydney Theatre Company revealed last week that it had received a complaint alleging that the veteran Australian actor had engaged in " inappropriate behaviour " when working with the company.No further information about the nature of the behaviour or the identity of the person who made the complaint was revealed , but Australian media reports said the allegations related to Rush 's time playing King Lear for the company in 2015 and 2016 . In a statement to public broadcaster ABC , Rush said he was unaware of the details of the allegations against him . " The moment I became aware of rumours of a complaint I immediately phoned and spoke to senior management at the Sydney Theatre Company asking for clarification about the details of the statement . They refused to illuminate me with the details , " he said.Neil Armfield , a theatre and film director who worked with Rush on King Lear , told the ABC he did not believe the allegations . " It 's not correct , there 's no basis ... I absolutely do not believe it , " he was quoted as saying.Rush 's lawyer , Nicholas Pullen , told the broadcaster that it was " a great disappointment " to Rush that the theatre company " has chosen to smear his name and unjustifiably damage his reputation in this way " . Rush won the Best Actor Academy Award in 1997 for his role in " Shine " and is one of the few actors to have also won a primetime Emmy and a Tony Award .	Geoffrey Rush quits industry job after ' inappropriate behaviour ' claim
Growing business is not the end of your activities — each business faces crisis . Here are 9 ways to get through tough timeWorld financial crisis sometimes happens . The most “ bitter ” thing is that it is not our mistake but we , entrepreneurs , also suffer . For example , in Greece during 2008 – 2015 244 712 businesses were closed . And in the UK almost 50 small businesses were closed each day in 2008 . It does n’t mean that you can not get through tough times . To do it you should run business in a right way . Here are 9 ways to get through crisis in business .1 . Do n’t make things worse by doing nothing.Often bad news surprise us suddenly . And we do not really believe what is going on , and get frozen on the spot . The problem is that if we do n’t leap into action , things will always get worse and they will get worse quickly .2 . Deal with facts not fiction.In the middle of a tough period , it is really easy to start freaking out based on “ what could be ” as opposed to what actually is . It is necessary to get all the information about what is going on and to only deal with facts , regardless of what is going on in your head . Most of the things we worry about never actually happen , so do n’t let your imagination get ahead of the reality of the situation .3 . Cement your relationship with your existing customers.Tough period does n’t have to influence your existing and loyal customers . You need to communicate with your customers , engage them , find out what is going on in their world and most importantly , become very clear on what your customers need from you .4 . Use this situation to rethink your business.Tough times are crossroads in your business and they provide an opportunity to make hard decisions about what is working and what is not . This is the perfect time to stop and really reflect on your business and make the changes you know about deep inside .5 . It is time to get out and chase business.Just as we can stop servicing our clients during tough times , business development can also grind to a halt and we all know that this spells disaster . As hard as it may be , you have to ramp up your business development and push through the hard times . Winning a few new projects , or finding some new clients might just prove easier than you think and it will go a long way to making you feel better.To learn more how to get through crisis in business visit our blog	9 ways to get through crisis in business
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau may want to focus on trade , tourism , and business opportunities during his trip to China , but there is a pressing problem threatening to knock him off his positive message . He is facing growing pressure to resist entering free trade talks with China until a commercial dispute involving detained Canadians is resolved . John Chang and his wife , Allison Lu , who own wineries in B.C. and Ontario , have been trapped in a diplomatic nightmare since they were arrested during a work trip to Shanghai in March of 2016 . The pair have been accused by Chinese authorities of smuggling after allegedly under-reporting the value of wine they export to Asia . Lu has been released from custody but is not allowed to leave Shanghai , while her husband remains in a detention facility . The couple 's daughter , Amy Chang , said this is not a criminal matter and is demanding Trudeau hold off on free trade talks until her parents are sent back to Canada . Trade , human rights on the agenda for Prime Minister Justin Trudeau 's China visit " When you 're trying to negotiate a free trade agreement , especially between Canada and China , if you can not protect your own citizens right now ... there are more cases that are just going to come up , " Chang said in an interview with CBC News . The 24-year-old said the matter is urgent , since her father 's health is declining . She said her father has two tumours on his liver . " Justin Trudeau , I really hope this time when you go to China , I really hope you can bring my parents home for Christmas , " Chang added . Case raised at highest levels Government officials would not confirm whether Trudeau plans to bring the Chang case up during high-level meetings with Chinese President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang . But International Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne told CBC Radio 's The House that Canadian officials raise the case " all the time . " " I made sure this was understood by our Chinese counterparts that this is something that not only matters to me , but to the highest level of the Canadian government . I will continue to press for that , " Champagne said . While he would not say if the Chang and Lu case is a deal-breaker for entering free trade talks , Champagne said Canada is committed to finding a resolution . " I would say , what Canadians expect of us is to raise consular cases wherever they occur , " Champagne told The House . Carleton University professor Stephanie Carvin sees the dispute as a red flag for Canadian officials . " It is emblematic of the kinds of techniques that China might use in order to retaliate against a ... decision that it did n't like , " Carvin said in an interview with CBC News . In June 2017 , before the case went into a closed-door trial , China 's ambassador to Canada told CTV News that the case should n't be " politicized " and should be allowed to unfold in court . Kevin Garratt thanks both Harper and Trudeau teams for his return to Canada Last year , shortly after Trudeau 's first prime ministerial trip to China , authorities there released another Canadian who had been held for two years . Kevin Garratt had been arrested in 2014 on suspicion of stealing state secrets and spying . Garratt and his family adamantly denied any wrongdoing , and both the previous Conservative government and the Liberal government advocated on Garratt 's behalf at the highest levels . Push to ramp up trade talks Despite these concerns , Ottawa is being pressured to deepen ties with Beijing , and quickly . Canada 's former ambassador to China , Guy Saint-Jacques , said conditions are " ripe " to negotiate a trade deal , and predicts the complicated talks could be completed in three years . " If we do n't go ahead , I think that China will feel , again , that we have left them at the altar , waiting , " Saint-Jacques said in an interview with Radio-Canada . Government sources tell CBC News that during the four rounds of exploratory trade talks , Chinese officials made it abundantly clear they want a free trade agreement with Canada . Trudeau can always play Trump card on visit to China : Chris Hall The sources said the Chinese are eager to access Canadian natural resources , clean technologies , agriculture and e-commerce systems . Canadian business leaders have called for talks to take place , in the hopes of one day selling goods and services to China 's growing middle class of about 600 million people . " They will turn to others ... we are not the only game in town , " Saint-Jacques said . Former Quebec premier Jean Charest agreed , saying Canada should " aggressively " pursue an agreement . Charest helped the former Conservative government launch free trade talks with Europe , and has extensive business dealings in China . " No one gets up in the morning and asks themselves ' why do n't I do a deal with Canada today ? ' It does n't happen that way . We are the ones that have to go out there and hustle for it , " Charest said in an interview . " We are 36 million people with a high standard of living . If we do n't trade , we are not going to be able to maintain the lifestyle we have here , " he said .	Canadians detained in commercial dispute looming over Trudeau trip to China
Welcome to post 3 of 7 as we head towards the finish line of the Entropy Token Sale ( meaning it ’s your 4th to last chance to indulge a guilty listening pleasure ! ) . Today we ’re looking at A.I. economies , how bullish almost everyone in the field is in regard to their growth , and how blockchain networks , specifically the Hut34 Network play an integral role in releasing the potential value.This post is going to move at fairly breakneck pace through some big concepts we ’ve been working through , so look out for further posts and discussions about some of the ideas , and if you ’re interested , do join our telegram group to continue the discussion in real time!Despite it ’s ephemeral nature , Twitter can be a really good way to watch trends emerge in the way people are thinking , and the directions they ’re heading in . If you browse through hashtags such as ‘ Machine Learning ’ or ‘ AI ’ you ’ll start to see common threads around the power of networks , and in particular you ’ll start to see many mentions of ‘ IoT ’ — the Internet of Things.We often speak of Metcalfe ’s Law — which was developed originally to demonstrate and promote the power of ‘ Ethernet ’ — a nifty piece of progress which made possible the internet we know today , it ’s our contention that blockchains provide an economic framework to allow all of the connected devices , bots , and even people to become what economists refer to as ‘ rational actors ’ . A ‘ rational actor ’ is someone who is able to assess the value of what they have , and may be selling , therefore making sensible decisions around the price they will demand for such , and also is able to discriminate logically and according to their own preferences when purchasing something , in our case data or services , but the point stands fundamentally.Right now , we believe there is no way for bots or devices to act as ‘ rational actors ’ within an economy , at least in part because there is no marketplace yet in place to allow them to do so . People are actually also restricted from making rational economic decisions by the growing oligopoly — the so called ‘ FANGS ’ of Facebook , Amazon , Netflix , Google , Siri et al . — we are currently given a binary option of using shiny clever services for free , but with the caveat that we feed their growing artificial intelligence all of our data , or not.We , the people , are not making rational economic decisions in this space , we ’re simply ceding all value . It ’s far too high a price to pay , until now however , there has been little choice.We envisage the role of The Hut34 Network to both disrupt the unfair centralisation of innovation , and also to empower bots and devices to connect to each other , route queries and data around the network , and exchange data through an agreed trustless transaction.The power of the Ethereum blockchain to power micro transactions has a huge part to play in this model , of course , and we have been working on some amazing pieces of tech . to really move the needle on this , we ca n’t wait to share them!So it ’s abundantly clear that we have crossed a tipping point of both technology , but more importantly connectivity , where ideas which were once the realm of science fiction are becoming realities daily . On a purely pragmatic level , you now have less than 5 days to secure ENT tokens in the main token sale , at a rate of 500 ENT per ETH.We urge you to support this movement , and we ’d love to have you along for the ride — head over to https://hut34.io/ for all the information , and https://hut34.io/tokenSale to purchase ENT now!Onwards and Hutwards!If you give me pocket money , I can find better deals for you . I can also leverage your data to generate an incomeTwitter dynamics can reveal underlying trends and interesting dataeconomic theory plays a part , but participants must also be free to act rationally	A.I. economies , the blockchain , and rational economics . The power of Hut34
Here is an easy and perfectly yummy recipe for chicken steak with creamy mushroom sauce.Enjoy it with stir fried veggies , mashed potatoes and garlic bread : ) Ingredients : MINCE STEAKS300 gm chicken breast1/2 onion - chopped very finely1/2 piece ginger1 tsp garlic crushed to a paste1 slice bread - remove the sides and grind in a mixer to get fresh crumbs1tsp Worcestershire sauce1tsp salt and 1/4 tsp pepper to tasteFILLING ( Herbed cheese ) 4 – 5 tbsp grated mozarella cheese1/2 tsp oregano1 tbsp fresh parselyFOR MUSHROOM SAUCE : 4 – 5 mushrooms finely chopped4 – 5 garlic finely chopped1 1/2 tbsp maida1 1/4 cup hot water mixed with 1chicken stock cube1/2 tsp Worcestershire sauce1 tbsp tomato puree1 tsp tomato sauce2 – 3 tbsp fresh creamPepper to tasteGrind the minced chicken in a blender for a few seconds.In a bowl , combine the minced chicken , finely chopped onion , ginger — garlic paste , Worcestershire sauce , bread crumbs , pepper and salt to taste.Next , mix all the ingredients of the filling together and keep it aside.Form 4 balls from the mince mixture . Flatten each ball and keep 1 tbsp of cheese mixture inside.Shape into a ball and flatten it to form 4 steaks.Refrigerate it till the time of serving.To prepare the sauce , heat butter in a pan and fry the chopped mushrooms and chopped garlic till it turn golden brown.Add the flour and fry on low heat until light brown.Meanwhile , combine together the chicken stock with water , tomato puree , tomato sauce and Worcestershire sauce and add this mixture to the fried mushroom . Bring it to boil and add fresh cream and pepper to taste.To serve , heat oil in a pan , cook the steaks for about 10 minutes.Keep turning the sides and press it gently so that the steak cooks through and turns light brown color on both sides.Pour the hot mushroom sauce over the steak and serve hot .	Chicken Steak With Mushroom Sauce .
The world of bodybuilding and actually furnishing your look into what you desire has been around for a long time . Although it has been present with us , it has never really been easy actually to pull off , this bodybuilding thing … . sigh.Beyond the pains and struggle , the aching muscles ( which actually is your body telling you that you are doing a great job ) , the dripping salty sweat that runs down your forehead and the dedication , motivational and sheer tenacity required … . why in the world would anyone ask why Body Builders are so celebrated?They push their bodies to the limit , and then they go a little further . They conquer laziness , procrastination and a lot of other factors to make it happen . And we really have no other choice but to give them the slow standing ovation we have only associated with movies.One of the most commendable actions and facts surrounding bodybuilding are the supplements they take . After all , they are still human ; the body has some limitations to the gains a person can probably attain naturally . Drugs and supplements change that . But this is n’t an article about steroids , no . It is about BCAA . What are they ? You ask … . . They have branched chain amino acids that actually stimulate protein synthesis . What does this mean ? When dieting and exercise mixes , it is actually very possible to burn muscle instead of fat . As a bodybuilder , the burning of muscle is never a good idea ( imagine all those gains , wasted ) . The use of BCAA curbs this conundrum while giving more advantages like reducing the rate of protein breakdown , which leads to more gains . Also , an added advantage to BCAA is the reduction of the secretion of serotonin ; serotonin is that substance that makes you feel tired.A reduction in its level points directly to a less intense workout where you wo n’t get tired easily . Your muscle gets to work more , and you increase your overall gains … awesome right?The world of bodybuilding has a lot in it . Getting it right and being devoted is a huge deal on the road to being a successful bodybuilder . It is possible . It really is .	Ways to facilitate your bodybuilding process
Zulekha NathooReporter , L.A. Season two of the acclaimed series The Crown depicts the British Royal Family in a time of conflict both inside and outside the palace — with growing social revolution a metaphor for the personal struggles facing the Royals . " Philip goes on tour and wrestles with his inner demons , and so does Margaret , " Vanessa Kirby , who plays Princess Margaret on the series , told CBC News during an interview in Los Angeles . Actors from The Crown sit down for a playful interview with CBC 's Zulekha Nathoo1 : 49 The result is a sequence of defining moments from the 1950s and 1960s — whirlwind historical snapshots involving the Suez crisis , Ghana 's call for independence and the allure of the Kennedys — intertwined with intimate depictions of marital struggles , sibling rivalry and infidelity . " You see the whole set up to the characters in the first season , and season two has given us an opportunity to really go deeper , " Kirby said . The intense interest with which royal watchers , tabloids and even bookies have followed Prince Harry 's romance with now-fiancée Meghan Markle , in addition to the news of baby number three for Prince William and Kate , is proof of an insatiable royal fascination . So even though many of its private conversations are dramatized , The Crown seems to offer a grounded glimpse into a world most of us would otherwise never know . The show , which stars Claire Foy as Queen Elizabeth II and Matt Smith as Prince Philip in their younger days , has been a hit with critics . The first season won a 2017 Golden Globe for best drama series , while Foy took home the award for best actress in a TV drama . But that does n't mean she 's sticking around . Though The Crown has been renewed for a third season , Foy , 33 , and Smith , 35 , are being replaced rather than aged to fit the next era . Olivia Colman , known for her roles in The Lobster and The Night Manager , will take over duties as the Queen . The turnover is welcome , Smith noted , since " it 's very difficult to retain an actor who 's interested over six seasons . " " I think it 's a good thing for the show , though , for the longevity of the show , " he continued . " If this show is to work in the way that I think it could , changing the actors every two years is a really clever idea . " The Crown 's second season premieres on Netflix on Dec. 8 .	The Crown season 2 bids hello to a new age and goodbye to its stars
The story goes like this : two scouts from the Sans Arc band of the Lakota oyate were out looking for signs of buffalo . Times were very hard and hunting was sparse that season.On the horizon appeared a very beautiful maiden . One of the scouts decided he would claim her as his . His companion warned him that she seemed wakan , which is a word meaning beyond human understanding , sacred . Heedless , the scout strode up to the maiden and laid hands on her . A cloud enveloped them and when it cleared , only the unharmed mysterious maiden and a pile of that poor foolish arrogant scout ’s bones remained.The story of how White Buffalo Calf Woman brought the sacred pipe to help the Lakota people live is much more involved , and because I personally suspect it is a true story ( like literally ) I will leave the entire tale to the discovery of only serious seekers . Yes I am fully aware of the kooky factor when I say that , but the creation stories of the Lakota have some structural features that spook me deeply for being revealed in such a way that I can only conclude they had to have happened . But that ’s my own deal and the image I want to shine brightly in your mind is a pile of bones.Now let ’s talk about another creepy thing : Mandelbrot sets.I wo n’t discuss the math specifics but they are easily searchable on the web . The patterns generated by computers running these equations repeat infinitely as you zoom in or out , creating complicated shapes that whether tiny or gigantic , keep to that pattern.The image of a pile of bones belonging to a Lakota man who made a deadly mistake , is a Mandelbrot pattern , metaphorically . The deadly mistake of judging a sacred superior as a desired item for the taking works at the levels of the individual ever outward to communities , civilizations , and humanity at large . It probably breaks down after becoming larger than the human species , so far anyway . The day is young here in the universe so we may yet populate . Seems to be our nature.I ponder that pile of bones often though — anytime a man thinks a woman is a desirable property for his pleasure that he can claim , anytime a corporation fracks the land until it breaks out in earthquakes , - basically almost every news headline . A pile of bones.I try not to judge the makers of these deadly choices . After all , judging a pile of bones is not the point . It is a cautionary mini-story within a larger story within a nation who was claimed in just such an entitled way , in a world that is claiming all the desirable properties without consideration or respect.An infinite repeating pattern of deadly mistakes is nothing to judge . No . White Buffalo Calf Woman prevails . She helps the people . She is unharmed . Whatever happens to us , I get the sense that there is a superior entity in existence somewhere , sometime , un-phased , beyond our understanding , and above arrogance.This is what Mandelbrot sets and White Buffalo Calf Woman have in common : spooky repeating infinity.The cautionary tale for us in our own lives as regards that scout , his deadly mistake , and his demise : do n’t be that guy . Honor women , honor humans , honor land and animals and do n’t think for one second that just because you dig something and want something that you understand and deserve it.No one wants to not judge your pile of bones .	Mandelbrot sets and the Lakota story of White Buffalo Calf Woman
We ’ll admit it , even the best of us are guilty of giving someone a lackluster gift at some point in time . But we ’ve learned from our mistakes . That ’s why we ’ve put together a guide of our no-fail tips to help ensure you get that “ cool girl ” vibe with every gift you give . Click through the slideshow ahead and get ready to give everyone on your list gifts they ’ll love . With the picks ahead , chances are you ’ll want to get yourself one of everything , too . See All | 2 of 7 Make It PersonalThe thought really does count , especially when you ’re struggling to find an awesome present you know they ’ll love . One way to ensure a thoughtful , meaningful , and downright cool gift is with something customized . While customizing is n’t necessarily a new idea , there ’s a way to make it feel different : Instead of personalizing the gift with their initials , try the initials of an inspirational phrase or their favorite mantra . Just like that , your gift will help keep them in a good mental state every time they wear it . Give Them Something CovetedGifting something from a coveted brands like Gucci will make a statement this holiday season . While most luxury items can have high price tags , there are super cool options that wo n’t break the bank . For example , this incense burner is a great statement piece that will also have their home smelling good , too . Sounds like a win-win ! See All | 4 of 7 Upgrade Their HomeThank You Woven Throw Blanket , Chinatown Market for UO , $ 99There ’s nothing better than getting someone a luxe gift that they ’d never get themselves ; like a fancy planter , stylish glassware , nice candles , or a downright cool throw blanket . Next time you ’re at their house , take a note of something that could use an upgrade and get them the coolest version you can find . They ’ll be impressed that you spotted their need without having to ask . Get Into Their SkinWe look to our coolest friends for intel on new , must-have skincare products . And since nobody is ever mad at a new luxurious and effective skincare regimen ( especially when the products come in cool packaging ) why not utilize Peach and Lily , a trusty source for curated Korean skincare regimens . These skincare regimen packs have everything they ’ll need from toner , to eye cream , to face oil , and are curated by skin type . All you have to know is their skin type , which wo n’t be hard to find out without spoiling the gift . See All | 6 of 7 When In Doubt , Tech It Out If you ’re still absolutely lost , go for a tech gift . Seriously , this is one of the easiest ways to get someone a super cool gift that they ’ll actually use . The best part is you do n’t have to splurge to find something great . An Amazon Echo dot is under $ 100 . If your giftee already has a smart home , then another great option is a Phillips Hue starter kit . That way , even the worst rental apartment can have custom lighting complete with dimming options and voice command activation . If your giftee is scared of tech , make sure that helping them with set up is a part of the gift , too.This Home Was Designed Entirely With a Virtual Reality App The founder of Hutch takes us inside her boho chic West Hollywood loft .	The Cool Girl ’s Guide To Holiday Gifting
The hair-raising moment a tornado hit the north-western Italian city of Sanremo has been caught on video . The twister reportedly formed out at sea around 12:40 on Friday , off the coast of the picturesque , historic Italian city on the Italian Riviera.The tornado lasted but a few violent minutes , moving from the sea into the city centre , where it managed to wreck two of the town ’s verandas . It also damaged stained glass windows and tore a chimney from the roof of a building . As well as ripping up trees and road signs , a number of cars and motorcycles were also damaged . La Stampa reports that a number of pedestrians were even forced to cling to poles to avoid being flung into the air . At least one person suffered minor injuries , according to Il Messaggero . In another dramatic video , onlookers captured the moment a waterspout formed by the circling winds lashes boats docked in the city ’s Old Port , while flinging debris around the harbor . The picturesque city is famned for its cultural events such as the Sanremo Music Festival and the world 's longest professional one-day cycling race , the Milan-Sanremo classic .	Dramatic moment twister rips through Italian Riviera caught on camera ( VIDEOS )
LIVE St. John 's More Streams Fewer than 100 people , officially , make up the total population of Little Bay Islands , and while there is no store , no doctor and no fire department , the school remains open — despite not having any enrolled students . " They 're keeping the fuel to the school … [ there are ] no students there right now . This will be the second year that there has n't been no students in the school , " said Tara Roberts , who has lived in the community for 30 years . " I have no idea why the reason is about that . " The Newfoundland and Labrador English School District confirmed that H.L. Strong Academy is still open , but may not be for long . The district 's board of trustees tabled a notice of motion last weekend proposing to close the school in June 2018 . The board will vote Feb. 3 , but the community can weigh in ahead of time . " [ The school ] does not have any attending students though it remains officially open , " according to a statement from the district . The heat is left on in order to " maintain the structure " and prevent mould , while a phone line may be kept for security alarms , according to the school district . But , the district insisted , the lights are kept off , although they were on for one day last week . Resettlement retry ? Much like H.L. Strong Academy , the town itself — located in Newfoundland 's Notre Dame Bay — is in a limbo of sorts . In 2015 , 89.47 per cent of residents voted in favour of resettlement , but that figure fell just short of the provincial government 's threshold that requires at least 90 per cent . Some residents at the time criticized the government 's population number , arguing it was too high . Little Bay Islands resettlement vote based on ' false information , ' says former mayor Changes have been made to who can vote , and residents have applied for relocation again . The provincial government is beginning a cost-benefit analysis and looking at permanent residency status in Little Bay Islands , according to the Department of Municipal Affairs and Environment . That means a lot of unknowns for now , and the future of H.L. Strong Academy is one of them . ' Nice place ' For Roberts , who lives on Little Bay Islands with her husband and 20-year-old daughter , the still-open school is a reminder of what once was . " When I came here first , there was a grocery store , a fire brigade , a doctor would come down from Springdale … now there is nothing like that , " she told CBC Radio 's On the Go . But , Roberts added , " It was a nice place and it still is a nice place . " That 's especially true in the summer , when people from Ontario and the U.S. travel to the community . Winter , however , is a different story . " It 's not a good situation to be here in the wintertime . Like , if you got a doctor 's appointment you got to go on a 40-minute ferry ride , " said Roberts , who admits she worries about the isolation at times . Even going to the nearest store requires boarding the early morning ferry to Springdale to make it back in time before dark , she explained . Roberts says the end might be near for Little Bay Islands , regardless of whether the community hits the 90 per cent threshold required by government . " Whether resettlement goes ahead or not , eventually we 're going to have to go somewhere because there 's just simply nothing here , " she said . It 's a complicated issue for Roberts . " Little Bay Islands is still home . "	No students , but school in Little Bay Islands still open — for now
Cashaa is the gateway to consumer-centric and affordable consumer products intended for the adoption of Blockchain consumers without having to understand the technical details of Blockchain technology . The Cashaa wallet system , integrated with peer to peer exchanges with a full spectrum of full digital financial services , enables its community to store , spend , borrow and get insurance , with a simplified user experience in a legal way.Why should Cashaa ? ? Turning on financial products for Banked and Unbanked . Cashaa ’s digital and transparent services not only appeal to the turning population but also provide a financial inclusion solution to 2.5 billion unbanked and 1 billion underbanked globally , thus creating a unique cross-border platform that can serving the entire populationThe Future of BankingCashaa is not just your typical banking application . Our wallets provide instant updates , send , receive or pay with our interface . Now you can have one account where you can save your money and crypto and use it as you see fit.The technologist is on board the platformOur ecosystemCashaa connects businesses and individuals in Blockchain to the existing financial world in a decentralized way . The Cashaa platform consists of decentralized exchanges , liquidity provider mechanisms , messaging network clearinghouses , and asset backed blockchain gateways . Our financial technology combined with mainline fiat will enable real-time exchange , peer-to-peer exchange rates and agnostic payment services across all Blockchains.EveryoneWe believe there must be an efficient alternative to existing payment and banking systems . Our Blockchain based payment system aims to lower the barriers of financial inclusion and provide financial services to banked and unbanked . Our vision is to build the payment infrastructure and banking for the future on AI ’s powerful blockchain infrastructure that can create a legacy of outdated systems , creating value for the world.Platform is elastic , safe and toughThis network is designed as a highly performing system utilizing an interconnected block construction , while cleaning and completion occur over the CasChain Layer , the cost of protecting the value of the transaction is destroyed to another chain in a way that directly promotes the value of the chain.User User without limit and massive carry LiquidityThe Cashaa network is intrinsically agnostic between fiat money and decentralization . Billions of mainstream users in countries with the largest growth in the world will be possible to make the transition from the use of fiat money using decentralized currencies such as BTC , ETH and others.Supported by AI and BlockchainThe world needs a financial platform ruled by AI and secured in Blockchain . Cognitive bots will perform data analysis , price prediction , risk assessment and forex transactions for them.For more details information , visit : Author Bitcointalk Profile : ETH Address : 0xdc077Ef6daa432aaD3F57945397be5A3a445276E	Cashaa - Platform The Next Generation
New homes or ‘ new forms ’ as they ’re now and again called , are better known than any time in recent memory . New homes engineers have made a long ways lately to make new homes that are vitality productive , brag breathtaking contemporary outlines and astounding form quality . Stop Rent Properties has a huge number of new homes available to be purchased from the Australia top engineers , so if it ’s another form house that you are scanning for , you ’ll see more here . When you purchase another home , you can move in when it is done . A crisp slate , you ’ll discover there ’s no compelling reason to invest cash or energy redesigning and repairing your new home , and some new form house engineers even give you the choice of outlining your new home before it ’s manufactured . These alternatives help to guarantee your property is constructed precisely to your particulars and taste.Engineers enrolled with the National House Building Council give a 10 year guarantee . Some New Homes for you in Tarneit engineers offer comparative assurances , yet from different suppliers . You can likewise stay away from the frequently protracted procedure of sitting tight for itemized overviews to be finished on your new home as your assurance covers any unexpected issues . So , most new homes have propelled security includes as standard , including circuit breakers , fire and smoke alerts meaning your odds of anything turning out badly are significantly diminished.The normal new home is up to 4x times more vitality productive than a customary ‘ second-hand ’ home , because of brilliant protection and the most recent vitality sparing gadgets . New homes regularly have brought down running costs contrasted with customary homes , and give a more eco-accommodating method for living . Best New Home Deals in Tarneit are intended to limit squander and to work in adjust with nature . The majority of the present new homes designers endeavor to make a feeling of group inside the improvement by including parks play regions , and different highlights for the advantage of the occupants.While picking a site , new homes designers give cautious thought to get to focuses and the encompassing territory . This implies most new homes are worked in exceedingly looked for after regions near shops , open transport and different courtesies . Come move day , there ’s no compelling reason to feel like ‘ the newcomers ’ to the area when you purchase another house , everybody ’s in an indistinguishable position from you . For more information , please visit our site http://www.stoprentproperties.com.au/	New Houses for Sale in Tarneit
A Narsalla supporter is shown in this pictures , burning the campaign poster of the incumbent , President Juan Orlando Hernandez , on December 3 . Honduras Armed Forces said in a statement Sunday that despite the surfacing of " videos and photographs of violent acts that depict abuse of power by security forces , the military 's actions are shouldered by law and by unconditional respect for human rights . " However , any " arbitrary act " by a member of the forces will be investigated , the statement said.Honduran media have reported multiple deaths during the protests . National Police spokesperson Jair Meza told CNN that police were investigating reports of protest-related deaths but did not give a number or address reported cases individually.In a statement Friday , the National Police said they detained about 50 people throughout the country who were caught looting . While the government has said the curfew is in place to maintain law and order in the country , some say it 's a power grab . In a tweet , Nasralla condemned the curfew and said declaring the " curfew 12 hours a day while processing electoral ballots is the equivalent of a coup d'état in Honduras . " " I condemn the repression and death that the Honduran people are suffering due to the coup by the president , " Nasralla said.Heide B. Fulton , Chargé d'Affaires of the US Embassy in Honduras , said in a tweet that " election authorities need to carry vote count to completion freely and transparently , without interference . " She also wished that " all parties remain calm while that process unfolds . " " There is a process in place to clarify ALL outstanding questions about the contested ballots . The political parties have a positive role to play , " she said on Twitter.In a statement , Nasralla 's party had asked the electoral commission for access to ballot boxes , voter databases and voter breakdowns , and it demanded a recount in three areas of the country where turnout was uncharacteristically high . " Throughout the country the voter participation was 50-55 % , " the statement said . It added that the areas of Lempira , la Paz and Intibuca saw a voter turnout of more than 70 % . Voting data available on the electoral commission website shows that in all three areas , Hernandez has a significant lead over Nasralla . It is unclear when the electoral commission will be ready to declare a winner and many outside observers , such as the Organization of American States and the United Nations , have called on both candidates to wait for the final results before declaring victory . For his part , Hernandez has called for his supporters to act peacefully and display calm . He has also said he will accept the election results , regardless of the outcome.This story was reported by Gustavo Valdes in Tegucigalpa , Honduras and written by Dakin Andone and Marilia Brocchetto in Atlanta , Georgia . CNN 's Nicole Chavez , Joe Sterling , Spencer Feingold , Radina Gigova and CNN en Español 's Daniel Silva Fernandez and Kay Guerrero contributed to this report .	Honduras begins vote recount in unresolved election
Australia has negotiated heavy rain and heated rancour to be 2-138 at dinner on day one of the day-night Ashes test at Adelaide Oval , where the hosts were inserted . A fired-up Steve Smith is 25 not out , while Usman Khawaja is unbeaten on 53 after being dropped on 44 . Smith swapped barbs with most members of England 's attack , including a particularly tense stoush with Stuart Broad that prompted umpire Aleem Dar to intervene . The classy right-hander shouldered arms to plenty of deliveries , weathered a few lbw shouts and stroked a couple of textbook cover drives during the unbeaten 52-run stand . READ MORE : * Blaze it like Baz , Colin * De Grandhomme 's batting blitz * Stokes ' a long way from Adelaide ' * Black Cap 's big let-off * Cook backed to find Ashes spark Earlier on Saturday , the skipper struggled to hide his shock when counterpart Joe Root called correctly then opted to bowl . " I would have had a bat . It looks like a good wicket . A lot different to what we have seen ( in the previous two day-night tests at Adelaide Oval ) , " Smith said at the toss . " Not as much grass ... a bit harder on day one . " The opening session lasted just 13.5 overs because of showers , with the tourists failing to create a single chance . A misfield from Moeen Ali at cover was the unlikely source for England 's first breakthrough after tea . The resultant mix-up between the batsmen meant Cameron Bancroft was run out by Chris Woakes for 10 . Woakes claimed the only other wicket to fall . David Warner started cautiously and looked well set on 47 when he attempted to glide a ball through the off-side , but was caught behind . An uncontrolled pull shot should have removed Khawaja and reduced Australia to 3-109 , but Mark Stoneman spilled a simple catch in the deep .	Australia makes steady start to second Ashes test as rain intervenes
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , R-Calif. , said sexual harassment was an issue Congress needed to review annually to ensure its policies were effective , with " zero tolerance " as a goal for lawmakers and staff , The Hill reported Saturday . " It 's not something that we 're going to write a bill and walk away from . I think this should be a yearly review of the process . Do we have the best practices in place ? And it 's something we should come back to every year , " McCarthy said . " There should be zero tolerance . I get upset when I read back finding out later of a settlement that people do n't know , of individuals who are serving here and their leadership defending them . " You should not hide if there 's a payment . You should not tolerate it , in any place or form . If you are notified about it , you should make sure to investigate it . You ca n't allow that activity to happen here in the House , " he added . Rep. John Conyers , D-Mich. , has been pressured by his fellow members in the House to resign following reports he settled past claims of sexual harassment , while facing new allegations of misconduct . McCarthy said he is unaware of any further claims of sexual harassment by House members . McCarthy maintained the issue was not partisan and explained the issue needed to reflect a changing society . " We 've got to look and make sure we have the right protections here , that everybody 's protected . Remember , we are a microcosm of society , so anything good or bad that 's happening in society could be happening right here , " McCarthy said . " It is a changing society . How we go about carrying out our work today is different because of social media . How people interact and the jokes they tell to one another , sometime in a different era may be viewed as okay and today it 's not . Are those individuals being trained and educated on what 's proper inside ? " he added . Critics charge that the current system in the House needs to be more transparent . The House Office of Compliance and the Committee on Ethics currently are charged with resolving issues involving its members . " If they were to stop at training , no one will believe they have done their jobs , " said Fatima Goss Graves , president and CEO of the National Women 's Law Center . " If you have training without any sense that there will be real accountability , then it 's not going to make any sort of dent . " The public needs to understand what it looks like as well . It can not just be that entirely closed off process where no one knows anything about how they 're making decisions . They 're not going to inspire confidence , " she added .	McCarthy : Congress Needs ' Zero Tolerance ' for Sexual Harassment
CAIRO ( AP ) — The massacre of more than 300 worshippers at a mosque in Egypt 's Sinai crossed a new line — even by militants ' brutal standards — and could be a sign the Islamic State group is trying to make up for the loss of its " caliphate " in Iraq and Syria or that an even more ultra-extremist faction is rising in power.Either way , if the IS affiliate in Sinai does have a new readiness to slaughter Muslims , that threatens to put a further strain on Egypt 's security forces and intimidate anyone cooperating with the government in the fight against militants . But it also could raise a backlash against IS , prompting Sinai tribes to cooperate with the military and take greater action to stop any of their members from joining the group.The IS-linked militants waging a campaign of violence in the Sinai and other parts of the country the past three years have traditionally targeted security forces , government officials , Christians and Muslim civilians suspected of collaborating with authorities . However , the Nov. 24 attack — the bloodiest ever militant attack in Egypt — hit ordinary Muslims gathered for a Friday sermon , followers of the mystical movement in Islam known as Sufism that militants view as heretical . " The ceiling of who is an infidel has risen to include worshippers and to view the slaying of Muslims inside mosques as permissible , " said Ahmed Ban , an Egyptian expert on Islamic extremist groups.Ban suspects that followers of an ultra-extremist IS faction known as " Hazimiyoun " played a role or were behind the mosque attack.It may also be possible that other IS militants carried it out , feeling pressure from the Hazimiyoun faction 's rising power to show they are not " soft . " There has been no claim of responsibility for the Sinai attack , and it is impossible to confirm that the faction did have a role . Some experts believe that IS may have felt it needed a " showcase " attack to show it remains deadly even after losing almost all its territory in Syria and Iraq.Tore Hamming , a researcher at the European University Institute focusing on jihadis and ideological differences within IS , said the mosque butchery was not necessarily connected to the Hazimiyoun faction . No IS fighters " would consider Sufis true Muslims . " He believed the attack came from a " great need ( among IS ) for large symbolic attacks . " Even before the attack , Egyptian newspapers reported the emergence of the Hazimiyoun faction in Egypt . One quoted a prosecution official saying detained Egyptian IS suspects told their interrogators that they are followers of the Hazimiyoun and consider some IS leaders as infidels.The faction is named after a radical cleric , Ahmad bin Omar al-Hazimi , who has been imprisoned in his home country of Saudi Arabia since 2015 . It considers as infidels — and therefore as legitimate to kill — all Muslims who do not accept the Islamic State group 's interpretation of Islam . Even further , it says those who do n't consider such people as infidels are also infidels deserving of death . Al-Hazimi himself is not known as an IS member but his ideology has gained support within IS ranks.The Islamic State group is notorious for atrocities in Iraq , Syria and elsewhere , including against fellow Muslims ; the group argues that killings of Muslims are justified when they were fighting IS or cooperating with its enemies or belong to branches of Islam it rejects , like Shiism . In Yemen , four IS suicide bombers struck two mosques filled with worshippers , killing over 130 people in one day in March 2015 . But IS largely argued that Muslims in general , even if they have n't sworn allegiance to IS , are not necessarily legitimate targets , on grounds of " ignorance " — namely , that they may not have the religious knowledge to accept IS . The Hazimiyoun faction rejects the " ignorance " excuse.The feud within IS has been stoked by the group 's military defeats in Iraq and Syria . Hazimiyoun clerics have blamed IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and his " lenient " ideology for the setbacks.But the tensions date back to 2015 , when IS in Syria executed a number of pro-Hazimiyoun clerics because of their excesses in declaring others infidels.The more radical free hand has been criticized by al-Qaida-linked groups and other extremists in Egypt . Another militant group fighting the government in Sinai , called Jund al-Islam , said in a recent audio message that it had ambushed an IS patrol to avenge attacks on other Muslims.Whether due to growing Hazimiyoun influence or not , the first major militant attack on a Muslim congregation in Egypt underscored that IS could dramatically expand its targets . That could strain Egypt 's security forces , already stretched thin across much of the country to protect government facilities , major thoroughfares and tourist hotels , as well as banks , churches and museums.The militants have targeted individual Sufis in the past . Extremists consider some Sufi practices to be a form of idolatry and heresy , but millions of Egyptians follow Sufism , and it is considered part of mainstream Islam . The targeted mosque was the headquarters of a local Sufi order , but non-Sufis were also among the 305 killed last week , including workers from a nearby salt factory . " Any segment of society now is game for them , " said Mohammed Gomaa , an expert on extremist groups from the Al-Ahram Center for Political and Strategic Studies.He said the mosque attack was " certainly the work of one of IS factions . They are sending a message of how far they 're willing to go , frighten tribes into submission and provide a response to a series of battlefield successes by security forces . " But the attack could instead anger the tribes . Most of the victims were from Sinai 's powerful Sawarkah tribe , from which many of the IS affiliate 's fighters are believed to hail . The government hopes that will prompt the tribes to isolate the militants . Some tribal leaders have called on the government to arm them to fight IS , but security agencies have been reluctant.After the attack , President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi ordered the military and security forces to crush the insurgency within three months , telling them to use " brute force . " Fawaz Gerges , an expert on extremist groups who lectures at the London School of Economics , believes the scale and brazenness of the mosque attack could portend more brutal and indiscriminate attacks by the militants — and prompt a similar escalation by security forces , which responded to past major militant attacks by , according to local rights activists , collective punishment or carpet bombing.He said it appeared the IS affiliate or rogue elements within it have decided to " wage all-out war , not just against the Egyptian state , but the Egyptian people as well . " " It 's a doomsday scenario , and I believe there is no turning back now , " Gerges added . " The Egyptian state will win at the end , but the question is at what cost and how long will it be before it does . "	Egypt massacre in Sinai may point to an even more bloody IS
Since we launched finder.com globally , I ’ve realised why networking is so important . It ’s part of our launch journey and sets the foundation to success.Our global journey began two years ago when we launched finder.com in the USA . We now operate in 10 countries : Australia , New Zealand , Singapore , Hong Kong , UK , USA , Mexico , Canada , Spain and Chile . We ’re also launching in more countries next year.It ’s the connections you make that will set you apart and allow you to launch more successfully in a new market.When my co-founder , Frank Restuccia , and I first started finder about 10 years ago , we networked at free business events for the food because we had no money . We ate so much food that we did n’t need dinner.But we also got to meet people in the same industry , learnt about the different skills you need to run a business and met some amazingly talented people . These events can be so inspiring . The best part is that your brand becomes known in the industry.These events are even more important when you ’re launching in unfamiliar territory . In fact there are five types of people you need to meet when hitting a new market .1 . MediaThe media can give you an audience and customer base , and leverage your brand and credibility.Find out the top media publications for that market ( a quick Google search can do the trick ) , and look for journalists who write about the issues and industry you work in.For us , we ’re interested in meeting business journalists so when we launch in a new market we know who to talk to . We are also interested in meeting consumer finance press to help them with comment and research around banking and other industries.For example , in the early days of our US launch , we planned a trip to our LA office around a Business Chicks event , where Arianna Huffington was the keynote speaker ( founder of the Huffington Post and one of the most powerful women in the world ) . We hustled our way through the crowd and pitched a blog idea — and it worked ! It was my first blog in the US and was about some of the challenges we faced with that fragmented market . Check out the blog here .2 . TalentFinding people to work with is equally the hardest and most important thing to do as a startup . Networking can be a big help in getting in front of the brightest people in your industry.We invest heavily into professional development and send our crew to conferences to not only learn from experts in the industry , but also to find talented people to join our team . We ’ve hired many people from meeting them at events.So do n’t be scared to speak to the speakers and delegates .3 . ExpertsExperts can also be found at in accelerator and entrepreneurial programs , and startup bootcamps , which are becoming more prolific in every market . They specialise in growth and launching in new markets.The experts who run these groups will often know what you need to do to set up — and who to talk to . They will also know what grants are available to apply for and tax incentives too.I was introduced to an accelerator program when I visited Singapore in mid-2017 and visited a startup bootcamp . These guys really know their stuff and hooked me up with consultants and advisors to help with legal and tax requirements when launching . It was an invaluable experience .4 . Business LeadersI like to look up my LinkedIn connections , friends and associates who live in or will be in that market when I ’m in town and ask them if they want to meet up before I head over . They will give you insight into the challenges they faced when they launched and share their experiences with you . They might also introduce you to their network.When we were in Singapore , we met with my mate Nick Hungerford , who is the founder of Nutmeg . He just moved to Singapore with his family so it was perfect timing catch up with him and find out what he ’s doing there and who can he introduce me to .5 . ClientsGetting our clients on board can be a long and heavy process , and almost every one is the result of 1:1 meetings . When we launch in a new market , we need to connect with our clients and slowly get the products onto our site , one at a time.Sometimes we have connections to these clients from other providers , and some are through affiliate deals . But very often it ’s a matter of searching for people on their company website and Linkedin and meeting them for a coffee.When you launch your business in a new market , make sure you launch your hustle too.This article originally appeared on Fred ’s blog	How to Network when going Global
The Philippines is prepared for a " worst-case scenario " following warnings that an anti-dengue vaccine administered to thousands of children may worsen the disease in some cases , a health official said Saturday.Department of Health spokesman Eric Tayag said the country had already taken precautions against potential mishaps when it became the first country to use the landmark vaccine in 2016 . The developer of the world 's first vaccine for the potentially deadly virus , French pharmaceutical giant Sanofi , revealed earlier this week that it could trigger more severe symptoms in people who had not been previously infected with dengue.More than 733,000 children have already received Dengvaxia , raising fears that many could develop the harsher form of the disease . " The Department of Health is prepared for a worst-case scenario , " Tayag told ABS-CBN television , a day after the agency announced it was suspending its mass vaccination programme.Tayag said the government had been careful to only implement the scheme in areas where dengue was already widespread and had only given it to children aged nine or older . " They are being followed up for adverse effects following immunisation , " he said.He added that the department , which had previously said there were no reported cases of worsened infection among those who received the vaccine , was also checking hospital records for severe cases of dengue.Sanofi had said such acute dengue cases would not become apparent till about five years after vaccination , Tayag added.The developer initially said its Dengvaxia vaccine was " critical " in the fight against dengue , the world 's most common mosquito-borne virus.It said Wednesday that a new study has confirmed Dengvaxia 's benefits for " those who had prior infection " with the potentially-lethal disease . " For those not previously infected by dengue virus , however , the analysis found that in the longer term , more cases of severe disease could occur following vaccination upon a subsequent dengue infection , " Sanofi said.More than 1,000 people in the Philippines died from dengue last year , out of more than 211,000 suspected cases , according to the government .	Philippines ' prepared for worst ' in dengue vaccine concerns
MANCHESTER UNITED star Paul Pogba has incredibly revealed he was an ARSENAL fan as a youngster ... as the two sides prepare to do battle on Saturday . The United midfielder , 24 , amazingly claimed to have been a " big " supporter of the Gunners growing up , thanks to their strong French flavour . Pogba also claimed Thierry Henry was played a key role in his Gunners fandom in his formative years . The Man United youth product revealed : “ In France , they [ Arsenal ] were very big - they had a lot of French players . “ I was a big fan of Arsenal , Thierry Henry , I was watching him . “ I was a little fan , not a crazy fan , but I was watching a lot of Arsenal games . PA : Press Association “ They have always been a great club . ” Pogba of course joined Man United 's academy in 2009 , aged just 16 - having spent some time at Roissy-en-Brie , Torcy and Le Havre . After just three Premier League appearances , he was shipped off to Juventus in 2012 , labelled a flop . Just four years later though and Jose Mourinho was sanctioning a then-world-record £ 89million to bring him back to Old Trafford . Since then Pogba has proven he is the main man in United 's midfield - with Mourinho 's men clearly lacking creativity in the middle of the park while he was injured . However , the France star is back to full fitness now ... and has revealed what he likes - and does n't like - about training . Pogba revealed : “ My favourite part [ of training ] is the game at the end of the session . “ The worst is the same for everyone I think – the tactics . “ Defensive tactics because you just have to drill , you do n't have the ball . I always learned playing with my friends . ”	Manchester United star Paul Pogba incredibly reveals he was an Arsenal fan as a youngster
Ok I have two separate occurrences so stay tuned ! LOLEverytime I go to the mall , we go as a family ( 4 ) . So majority of the time instead of waiting outside of stores with my dad making small talk about news and other non significsnt bs . I always tag along with my mom and sister , being a young adult I have gotten out of the awkward stage of ( Im a guy i dont go into girl stores ) . I just enjoy the company of my m and sister more that 's all . I go with them , chat make funny stories and when they ask I give them my opinion on clothing.So a few different stores we typically go to there are women about my age and always help ring up the merch . So a few times they have been kind ( I 'd say a little too kind , like odd ) and they remember us ( obvously ) . So over the past few weeks when we are in the car ride home they start saying that they could see these women kinda fancy me . Which I think its a bunch of BS , as I 'm a skeptic . Question is Am I right ? 😆 Second question : A close friend who was a girl but did n't taln much about relationships , asked if I was single . When I mentioned " No " she asked why and listed some qualities girls like in a guy.Odd thing was my best friend who is friends with this girl and I mentioned that when I came around from a work trip she seem excited to see me . She also gave a me a hug . This friend thinks that she likes me.Am I oblivious or just refusing to listen to the facts ?	Am I oblivious to the things around me ?
( CNN ) — A newborn in India was declared dead by a doctor , but hours later his family discovered he was breathing while they were en route to his funeral . The boy ’s mother gave birth to twins Thursday at the Max Super Speciality Hospital in the Indian capital of New Delhi . Doctors said one of the twins — a baby girl — was stillborn . They initially said the boy was in critical condition , but two hours later he was declared dead , Praveen Malik , the twin ’s grandfather , told CNN . The parents were on their way to a cremation ground when they noticed “ some movements ” inside one of the polythene bags that the hospital gave them with the babies ’ bodies . “ When we opened the bag , we found the boy breathing . I was shocked . I could n’t believe my eyes , ” Malik said . The boy is being treated at a nursing home in New Delhi . His grandfather said family members do n’t know if he will survive . “ We do n’t want to keep our baby at Max hospital . We do n’t trust the doctors there , ” Malik said . “ They betrayed us . ” In a statement , the hospital said the boy was “ handed over without any sign of life ” by hospital staff . “ We are shaken and concerned at this rare incident . We have initiated a detailed inquiry , pending which , the concerned doctor has been asked to proceed on leave immediately . We are in constant touch with the parents and are providing all the support needed , ” the statement said . State Health Minister Satyendar Jain tweeted that he has ordered an inquiry “ into this unacceptable act . ” Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal also tweeted saying authorities would take the “ strongest action ” if someone is found at fault . “ We want the Delhi government to take strict action against the hospital authorities for their negligence , ” the boy ’s grandfather said .	Doctor Mistakenly Declares Newborn Dead In India
It is really hard for any student to pick one service provider out of hundreds of them available on the internet . Everyone claims to be the best in its field . So it generally creates confusion . Students fail to make their minds up . But with the help of these suggestions , students can land on a site that actually provides custom assignment help in an expected manner . So let ’s start.Always check the background : Whenever you are searching for an assignment help company , thoroughly check its background like when it has been established , how many years the company has been operating in this field , the knowledge of the industry , etc . Most of the sites provide their introductions on their official sites . So you need to search through their sites while determined to choose one.Make sure they have services to aid you : In order to gain the best benefits of these services , students should go through their services section . They should ensure they have the experts for providing the service you are requesting for . If required , talk to their customers care support in order to get the detailed information on their services.They are quick with replies : Students need to check whether the company has a live chat facility . If they have , ensure they reply real quick . Most of the writing services sport a live chat popup window , but there are some writing services , which are not very prompt with their replies . So students need to check whether the company ’s customer care support is quick enough to attend your queries.Ensure they have clear pricing policies : Most of the sites have price calculator displayed on their website . Students can instantly calculate expected price they have to pay for the paper . Otherwise , they can talk to the customer care for further assistance . Efficient customer support team will help with your queries .	How to Choose the Best Custom Assignment Help Service in UK ?
30 % people think that heart attack and heart stroke are the same ! But surprisingly there is enough difference to distinguish them at the time of an emergency and provide assistance keeping the following symptoms in mind : 1 . Heart Attack : Heart attack is when the blood clots in the arteries and blood flow becomes restricted causing damage to the heart muscles.Some heart attacks are sudden and intense , but most of them start slowly , with mild pain or discomfort . Here are some of the signs that can mean a heart attack is happening.Symptoms of a Heart Attack : Pain/discomfort in the arm , chest2 . Pain/discomfort in the jaw , neck , and throat .3 . Indigestion , nausea , choking feeling4 . Sweating , dizziness5 . Irregular heartbeats6 . Weakness , anxiety , shortness of breath2 . Heart Stroke : While heart stroke refers to the same condition where the blood clots in the arteries which is responsible for supplying blood to the brain . It surprisingly affects just one side of the body and often does n’t involve any kind of pain or discomfort instead you might not able to move or feel it in general.Symptoms of a Stroke : 1 . Severe headache2 . Loss of balance3 . Numbness / loss of movement in one side4 . Double vision , loss of vision5 . Loss of speech , memory6 . Altered breathing or heart rateAt the first sign of any of these symptoms , fast action by you , someone you know , or a passer-by can make a huge difference , these are life threatening emergencies and quick action can saves lives .	Heart Attack vs Heart Stroke
By agreeing to cooperate with federal prosecutors in a deal announced on Friday , former national security adviser Michael Flynn won for himself protection from further prosecution . That protection could conceivably extend to his son , Michael Flynn Jr , who once worked for his father . But what ’s in it for the prosecutors ? Court documents made it clear that special counsel Robert Mueller is zeroing in on people very close to Trump , who are identified as a “ senior official of the presidential transition team ” and a “ very senior member of the presidential transition team ” . Those two people – unless they are in fact one person – directed Flynn to hold conversations with the then Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak about sanctions and about a United Nations resolution on Israel , Flynn admitted to prosecutors after initially lying about the matter . Those conversations not only give the lie to repeated statements by the president that his team had no contact with the Russians – on Saturday he told reporters while leaving the White House there had been “ absolutely no collusion ” – but they also raise the possibility of serious criminal exposure among members of his inner circle for breaking laws banning communications with foreign entities that undercut US policy . Senior members of the transition team included Vice-President Mike Pence ; son-in-law Jared Kushner ; Reince Priebus , then chairman of the Republican National Committee , later Trump ’s chief of staff ; Jeff Sessions , then a senator , now the attorney general ; and Trump himself . “ I think [ Friday ’s ] news means there ’s definitely someone even closer to the president in Mueller ’s crosshairs , ” Steve Vladeck , co-editor of the Just Security forum and a professor at the University of Texas law school , said in an email . “ Regardless of whether that ’s Kushner , Sessions , Pence or someone else , it ’s not good for the president . ” Three news reports , from Bloomberg , NBC News and BuzzFeed , identified Kushner as the transition team member who directed Flynn to act on the UN resolution , which denounced Israeli settlements . Flynn was instructed to ask Russia , a member of the UN security council , to block the resolution or vote no , according to court documents . The resolution was exceptional from an American viewpoint owing to the stated intention of the Obama administration to abstain from the vote instead of opposing it . The resolution was passed 14-0 . The sudden spotlight on Kushner was an indication of how fast the Mueller prosecution is moving , and how close it is getting to the top of the food chain . Flynn could testify about potentially sensitive interactions involving Kushner , for example a meeting with Kushner and Kislyak during the presidential transition . The Washington Post reported that Kushner proposed a “ secret channel ” for communications with Russia at the meeting . Kushner has denied that he proposed such a back channel , and has denied collusion with Russia and other wrongdoing . But if Trump and his family ’s past denials of campaign contacts with Russians fell short of the truth – or if similar denials by Sessions fell short of the truth – Flynn could be in a position to highlight that . He might also be able to describe when the Trump campaign first became aware that Russians had what they called “ dirt ” on Hillary Clinton – and what the campaign did or did not do with that knowledge . “ Trump has categorically said that he was not aware of any campaign communications with Russia , ” said Anne Milgram , who has worked closely in the past with Mueller and his team as a former attorney general for the state of New Jersey and former federal prosecutor . “ That is the kind of question that you would want to ask Michael Flynn . Were there conversations about those communications ? Was there an understanding that the Russians had so-called ‘ dirt ’ on Secretary Clinton ? And so all those things are going to be really important for the government to understand . ” The scope of Mueller ’s investigation is unknown , although former prosecutors believe it may go all the way to the top with the special counsel potentially weighing obstruction of justice charges or other charges against the president , who denies all wrongdoing . The publicly visible legal moves , scant as they are , appear in any case to signify major offstage activity , according to former prosecutors . “ What we see with someone like Michael Flynn that we candidly do not see with the other people who are witnesses , is a very long-term relationship with Trump , a close level of involvement with the campaign , ” said Milgram . “ We know that he was frequently with Trump , with his family , with other members of the campaign . “ If there is something to be known , it ’s likely that Flynn would be someone to have that information . And that ’s why he ’s so important , because it really does go to the heart of these questions . ” As a retired three-star general and former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency , Flynn joined the Trump campaign in early 2016 and installed himself as a hub for conversations with foreign operatives and relationships now under the intense scrutiny of prosecutors . With Flynn ’s cooperation , Vladeck said , Mueller could be in position to answer “ the million dollar question ” : did the Trump campaign collude with Russia during the 2016 election ? “ I would imagine that he [ Flynn ] would have insights into what contacts if any the campaign had with Russian government officials , Russian private citizens , Russian corporations , ” Vladeck said . “ But I think if there ’s dirty laundry , one suspects that Flynn of all people would know what and where it is . ” Milgram counseled against extrapolating too much about what is happening on the inside of the case from what is visible on the outside . “ I would preface what I say by qualifying that we are speculating , ” she said . “ Because I can tell you by having been involved in countless cases and having read lots of news stories about them – we just do n’t know . “ There ’s always stuff on the inside that we do n’t know . So that ’s the caution I would give to you and everybody else . ” This article originally appeared on The Guardian	Flynn plea deal increases exposure of senior Trump transition team members
South Africa will study the cost of power generation from various projects and expects to announce a decision on new renewable sources by Dec. 7 , according to Energy Minister David Mahlobo.The energy department has met with lenders over the pending projects and “ let them know where we stand , ” Mahlobo said in an interview late Friday at an event with private energy developers . “ Ultimately any solution , whether it is renewable or non-renewable , the issue of affordability is very important . ” Following power shortages since 2008 that hobbled South Africa ’s economy , the government attracted more than 200 billion rand ( $ 14.6 billion ) of clean-energy investment . Some of those projects were threatened by state-owned utility Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd. ’s opposition to off-take deals for renewable power , which it said was expensive and not always available . The agreements have still not been completed , despite an order by President Jacob Zuma to sign them . The government is revising its Integrated Energy Plan , which sets long-term policy and will indicate the pace and scale of changes to the generation mix for the country which currently relies on coal for more than 75 percent of its electricity . South Africans last year bought the least power in more than a decade as the economic growth slowed and demand declined . Eskom has a generation surplus as two of its newest stations are adding more units.Gas-Fired GenerationMahlobo , the third energy minister to serve in the position this year , said he anticipates growth for private producers in areas including gas-fired generation as Eskom ’s oldest plants reach the end of their lifespans . He said while coal remains the most widely used electricity source , it must be accompanied by “ greater technology ” to result in lower emissions . Price remains part of ongoing discussions with the energy department for the anticipated renewable energy projects in bid rounds known as 3.5 and 4 , he said . “ We could be in a position to conclude them ultimately when the power-purchase agreements are signed , ” Mahlobo said.The Democratic Republic of Congo ’s planned Grand Inga dam should also be a source of power and South Africa will help to drive investment in the project , Mahlobo said . South Africa struck a deal in 2013 for 2,500 megawatts from the plant that will be expanded in phases . “ Ultimately , we have to get it built , ” he said . The development of nuclear energy has been taken “ one step at a time ” and awaits finalization of the resource plan , to be followed by an open-tender process , Mahlobo said . He dismissed criticism that he ’s rushing the process . “ You ca n’t put the procurement process under the carpet , ” he said . “ It will be on the table . Everyone will be able to see . ”	Cost Is Key Factor for South African Energy Projects
Hi everyone ! I ( 29 ) went on an amazing first date with a man ( 34 ) and we talked over text everyday since . He told me before that he likes to take things slow . We decided for our next date he would come to my place for tea . We again had so much fun , played some boardgames and laughed so hard . The thing is , he tried to have some serious conversations about dating and made some flirtatious comments and I just hear myself answering short or laughing it away being my great sarcastic self ... I 'm way to scared to open up because of previous relationships . He gave me a kiss on the cheek when he left and sent me a good nigt text but nothing back to my : I had so much fun message later and have n't heard back from him since . I think I messed up , but I really want to see him again and do n't know how to tell him . Cause I do n't want to make a big deal out of it or act like I feel sorry for myself about some hurtfull relationships . Should I call him ? I feel so stupid cause I 'm a pretty strong person in general . Can I come back from this ? :( Thank you guys ! 😘	Should I call him and explain my behaviour ?
WASHINGTON — The Senate dropped a provision before approving tax legislation early Saturday that would have cost foreign airlines from countries that receive few U.S. flights an estimated $ 200 million over the next decade . The provision added in the Finance Committee was stricken from the final version of the 479-page tax bill , which the Senate approved on a 51-49 vote . Sen. Johnny Isakson , R-Ga. , had said the two-page provision aimed to protect airline workers in his state from unfair competition . The provision did n't name the airlines targeted , but the definition fit three Middle East carriers that have been slammed for years by U.S. rivals , including Delta Air Lines based in Atlanta . Critics of the provision said when it was added that it would have penalized airlines in 14 countries , rather than just three state-owned carriers in the United Arab Emirates and Qatar : Emirates , Etihad Airways and Qatar Airways . An international airline group had warned that the provision could provoke other governments around the world to target airlines with new taxes . “ The precedent that the Isakson provision , if enacted , would set is atrocious and could easily come back to bite U.S. airlines like the shark in Jaws , ” John Byerly , a former State Department official who negotiated aviation pacts called Open Skies agreements with other countries , said before the provision was removed . Jonathan Grella , executive vice president of the U.S. Travel Association , an industry advocacy group , said Saturday that the Senate decision to drop the provision was the most significant moment in a three-year dispute between U.S. and Middle East airlines . " A half-baked measure that could 've impacted both tax reform and travel was recklessly tossed on the Senate 's lap , and wisely disposed of , " Grella said . " Travel , trade , commerce and diplomacy are all better for the Senate 's good work . " The Senate version of the tax bill must still be reconciled with the House , which did n't have a provision targeting foreign airlines , to become law . More about the tax bill and the dispute between U.S. and foreign airlines : These key provisions of the Senate tax bill may be a tough sell in the House U.S. airline CEOs : Europe made ' mistake ' on Gulf carrier access Airline , travel execs clash over subsidy allegations ' Outrageous ' : Emirates CEO says airline is n't subsidized Airlines typically pay corporate income taxes only in their home countries . The Isakson provision would have removed that exemption for foreign airlines that fly to the U.S. if their home countries receive fewer than two arrivals and departures weekly from U.S. airlines . The provision was projected to cost foreign airlines $ 200 million over 10 years , according to the Joint Committee on Taxation . The tax provision arose nearly three years after the three largest U.S. airlines — Delta , American and United — formally asked the government to block more flights from Middle East rivals and reopen Open Skies negotiations with the United Arab Emirates and Qatar . The U.S. airlines have argued that the Middle East carriers received more than $ 50 billion in a decade in government subsidies , which those airlines denied . In reply , the foreign airlines have argued that U.S. airlines received benefits from bankruptcy law and the government that they do n't receive . The Obama administration declined to reopen talks after the State , Transportation and Commerce departments reviewed the airline complaint , and the Trump administration has n’t taken action yet . The International Air Transport Association , a trade group that represents 275 airlines , said the tax provision could have hindered the seamless travel that a single ticket provides because governments cooperate on regulations including taxes . “ If enacted , the Isakson provision would upend decades of precedent — which the U.S. has long supported — on the taxation of international aviation , ” said Perry Flint , a spokesman for the airline group . “ Foreign governments — even those not directly affected by the proposed language — could be tempted to follow the U.S. example and impose reciprocal taxes . ” An advocacy group representing airlines such as Hawaiian , JetBlue , FedEx and Atlas Air , which support the Open Skies agreements with the Middle East carriers , said before the tax provision was dropped that it would have hurt airlines in 14 countries including Jordan , Ethiopia and Malaysia . “ This is another poorly veiled attempt by Delta to shield itself from competition and circumvent the established Department of Transportation process to review legitimate subsidy claims , ” said Andrea Christianson , spokeswoman for the coalition U.S. Airlines for Open Skies . Delta declined comment on the tax provision .	Senate drops $ 200M tax provision on foreign airlines with few U.S. flights
The quality of our social relationships offline and online is critical to leadership success and happiness today . We have rapidly moved from connected to hyperconnected to morally-interdependent relationships . Formerly separate spheres of personal and business have fused . Everything is personal in our social relationships . It is less about command and control . It is more about influence . We need to earn and build higher levels of trust in order to effectively nurture mutually beneficial relationships that achieve our objectives.Five Key Traits of Indispensable LeadersHigher PurposePassionGreat decision-makingTeam builderCharacter1 . Higher PurposeLeaders with a higher purpose create cultures of higher purpose . A for-profit business culture operating at a higher level of purpose concentrates decision-making that is strategic rather than tactical , positions specialists to be leaders rather than manager-technicians , and enhances the professionalism and perceived value of the practice . Every purpose-based company has got to have purpose-based leaders . Purpose-based leaders are rock solid in practicing their core values . You ca n’t have a purpose-based company if you have a leader who ’s dishonest or manipulates.The number one thing a leader must do is Do The Right Thing . That sounds pretty banal . How do you know what the right thing is ? Practice the Golden Rule . Purpose-based leaders treat people like they want to be treated . We could do away with many of the organizational rules , and the litigations if we sat down and asked purpose-based leaders followed the Golden Rule .2 . PassionWithout passion , you are not an indispensable leader . The benefits of passion to the leader and the organization are powerful . [ i ] Passion is a key trait of a leader . Observing people who are successful and achieve greatness we can see they have passion . It is important to find those areas you are passionate about then stay dedicated to them . I have discovered finding your purpose and strengths helps when it comes to having passion . Authors Robert Kriegel and Louis Patler cite a study of 1,500 people over 20 years showing the value of finding your passions within your life : At the inception of the study , the group was divided into Group A , 83 percent of the sample , who were embarking on a career chosen for the prospect of making money now in order to do what they want later , and Group B , the other 17 percent of the sample , who had chosen their career path for the reverse reason , they were going to pursue ( their passions ) i.e. , what they want to do now and worry about money later . The data showed some startling revelations : At the end of the 20 years , 101 of the 1,500 had become millionaires . Of the millionaires , all but one , 100 out of 101 were from Group B , the group that had chosen to pursue their passions ! Other benefits of passion were : Passion produces energy.A leader who has passion is propelled forward from the energy it creates . When it comes to leading yourself and others , passion and energy are critical . “ There is no passion to be found playing small — in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living . ” – Nelson MandelaPassion propels vision.If a leader wants to see their vision and goals being accomplished , then the leader ’s passion is the power that drives the productivity and outcomes of the vision . The vision of the organization or team should be regularly and passionately communicated to others.Passion ignites others.We have all seen or been around a passionate leader . I personally know after I ’m around a passionate leader their energy and passion rubs off on me . This causes me to feel more energized and motivated . A person ’s passions can ignite other people ’s passions and bring energy into their lives.Passion raises influence.John Wesley said , “ When you set yourself on fire , people love to come and see you burn . ” This is what happens when a leader has passion . The leader starts gaining more influence with others , and people want to be a part of what ’s going on . If you want to raise your influence , then you need to be a passionate leader.Passion provides potential.I have observed that a leader ’s passion brings new opportunity and opens the door to success . This is because when you ’re passionate about what you ’re doing , it moves you closer to your potential . Moving you closer to your potential causes you to be moving into the next level within your career and personal journeyGreat3 . Decision-MakingThe ability to make effective individual and group decisions is another key trait of a great leader . Rogers and Blenko ( 2006 ) wrote that “ Decisions are the coin of the realm … every success , every mishap , every opportunity seized or missed is the result of a decision someone made or failed to make . ” [ ii ] Leaders must have fundamental abilities and attributes , understand different methodologies to decision-making , and overcome any barriers in reaching decisions that influence their business strategy and culture.Leaders who are accountable , a calculated risk-taker , and leverages their values to their decision create value for their organizations and ecosystem . Decision-making is not an event , but a process that is burdened with politics and power plays brimming with individual needs and organizational history ; and one that requires commitment at all levels in its execution . The leader must be both peer and commander in the decision-making process . Leaders continuously develop these decision-making skills throughout their careers .4 . Indispensable Leaders Build Success Driven TeamsLeaders ditch the “ boss ” mentality and apply the Three C ’s ” to building success driven teams : Collaborate , Cooperate , and Communicate . [ v ] Collaborate — Do n’t Command Leaders benefit more by applying the method of collaboration . Leaders coach and cultivate success driven teams by creating an environment where individuals can collaborate together to share ideas . Collaboration develops trust and engagement . It is critical to allow others to be the essential part of the process . This level of collaboration and respect enables every individual to contribute to a culture of higher purpose and mastery.Cooperate — It ’s Not About Authority Authentic leaders understand high performance that achieves success is about influencing the hearts and minds of each member of your team . You want to create greater value from your team ; you must value each member of your team.Communicate — Do n’t Complicate Leaders that clearly communicate their vision at all levels of the organization will allow every member of the team to better understand which enables action and not “ paralysis of analysis ” . Compliance will not get you where commitment can go so if you are not getting the results you want , consider the Three C ’s of building success driven teams .5 . Indispensable Leaders have CharacterControl is not leadership . Management is not leadership . Leadership is leadership . Most of literature today is about how to lead an organization or how lead other people and very little is written about how to lead yourself or how to become a leader of good character.Being of good character is the leadership quality that distinguishes great Leadership . It is the quality that most people admire . Leaders of good character have integrity , empathy , and courage . These leaders are humble to the core and seek others for knowledge and guidance . Leaders of character are both student and teacher in their desire for wisdom and pay-it-forward to others if requested . Business schools generally teach students about competencies . Assisting them to work with an through people to get work done , to develop and execute strategy . To a lesser extent , most schools nurture the commitment to become a leader and to succeed in business . Much of our research shows that it is the subject of character that business and many schools have overlooked.To some executives , the concept of character is innate and is already developed in an individual by the time they reach business school . It is something you have or do n’t have . But , Dr. Warren Bennis , Distinguished Professor of Business Administration and Founding Chairman of The Leadership Institute at the University of Southern California has it right . As he observed : “ The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are born — that there is a genetic factor to leadership . This myth asserts that people simply either have certain charismatic qualities or not . That ’s nonsense ; in fact , the opposite is true . Leaders are made rather than born . ” ConclusionAs business models continue to adapt to our “ always on ” hyperconnected and social world , how we as leaders connect , collaborate , engender trust , deepen loyalties , keep promises and earn relationship capital will not only determine the quality of our business culture , but the success of our business . Now that makes for an indispensable leader.Sources : [ i ] The Leadership Mandate by Dan Black [ ii ] Evans &amp; Ward , 2007 , page 125 [ iii ] Garvin and Roberto , 2001 , p. 110 [ v ] Effective Leaders Build Success Driven TeamsOriginally Published on March 25th , 2015 on Linkedin Pulse	The 5 Key Traits Of An Indispensable Leader
REFEREE Kevin Friend FLOORED Chelsea star Cesc Fabregas in a shove that would have delighted any Arsenal fan . The 30-year-old was about to control Eden Hazard 's pass , but the official had other ideas as he accidentally pushed him in the back to send the Spanish midfielder flying . Rex FeaturesGetty - ContributorFriend then simply stepped over the ex-Barcelona maestro , as he waved play on during the first half at Stamford Bridge . Blues fans were already angered after having penalty appeals turned down , with Newcastle seemingly let off the hook once again . But frustration soon turned to elation when minutes later Alvaro Morata headed Chelsea in front to make it 2-1 in the 33rd minute . Dwight Gayle fired the Magpies ahead in the 12th minute , before Eden Hazard equalised for the reigning Premier League champions with a sumptuous strike . Reuters Newcastle were certainly grateful by the referee 's antics as they tweeted their delight after the incident . They said : " 26 ' - Solid defending by referee Kevin Friend . " He barges over Cesc Fabregas as Chelsea mount an attack and United clear . 1-1 . "	Chelsea star Cesc Fabregas floored by referee Kevin Friend during Newcastle clash at Stamford Bridge
Have you ever been to an IKEA concept store ? If you ’ve ever visited one , you were part of one big experiment . The Swedish company has been using these concept centers for something you would n’t expect . Not long ago , I visited one near my hometown . Yours truly naively thought they ’d be selling ‘ concept ’ furniture … Nothing could be further from the truth . All your movements and actions are meticulously monitored while you think you ’re just browsing the store . This is how IKEA puts it : We believe in learning by doing . We operate the IKEA Concept Center in Delft , the Netherlands , where shopping , learning , testing and supporting all come together . As a neuromarketeer , this gets me excited . IKEA analyses our behavior for good reasons : the furniture giant wants to know the effect of subtle ( and sometimes less subtle ) changes in the environment on our buying behavior . Recently I ’ve been visiting the store in Delft more often . Making it easier for me to spot those subtle changes ( the experiments ) . The location of the restaurant , the signs , and even the public bathroom — which seemed to be relocated ( which made me extremely curious ) . What ’s the neuromarketing behind all of that ? Let ’s take a look into the psychological marketing techniques that can explain these changes . Does the location of the toilets really matter in which neatly packed closet you ’ll be cramming into your car ? 1 . A fun day shopping – the distraction of kids All aboard ! Well , not everybody . Let ’s start at the beginning : Småland . The paradise where you can shamelessly leave your kids , so you can shop in peace . And for good – economic – reasons . Kids tend to get bored easily during the long path the Swedish meatball giant has laid out for you . Bored children in turn focus their endless energy on their closest entertainment : their parents . What follows is that shopping with children makes you want to sprint through that one-way maze . Less time in IKEA means less spending , but also less time and attention to the bigger purchases . Exactly the purchases IKEA wants you to make . Less nagging , higher margins . 2 . Have you lost track of time already ? Have you ever stopped to notice that there ’s no window in sight in IKEA ? You can look , but you wo n’t find a dash of sunlight . The fake clocks on the walls are n’t of much help either when it comes to knowing what time it is . It ’s a smart trick borrowed from casinos . Take away every indication of time , and you lose all sense of it . And suddenly you ’ve spent more time wondering around than you ’ve planned . Slowly filling up your basket in the meantime . 3 . No commitment issues ? One from Cialdini ’s playbook Just when we ’re about to embark on our journey , we meet a handy dispenser of pencils and empty shopping lists . Very thoughtful of IKEA , because with so many products and corresponding storage places , we can use a memory aid . Young Tim ( me ) never missed an opportunity to snatch some free pencils ( yes , I ’m guilty ) . And while this also smells like Cialdini ’s reciprocity ( you give something to me , so I want to give you something back : my money ) , there ’s a stronger principle at play : commitment . By clearly writing down what you want to buy , you ’re committing yourself to this purchase . With every word , and every article you ’re jotting down , you ’re obligating yourself just a bit more to really buy that closet . Just because it ’s on your own list . Compare this to a situation where you do n’t have that list . Now you ’re not committed to buy that bag of chips , because you did n’t really need it after all . 4 . Remove reasons not to buy – change the mindset With your pencil and paper ready to go , you prepare yourself for the big tour to the wealth of choices for a corner couch . Still , your eye catches the first product category : ‘ the nice to have items ’ . Dishwashers , sponges , candle lights , you name it . ‘ I mean , while I ’m here , might as well buy that cheap dishwasher . It will come in handy . ’ That small purchase just so happens to change your whole mindset . Instead of ‘ what shall I buy ’ , your brains have changed gear to buying mode . In buying mode , the strongest thought is : ‘ what more should I buy ? ’ Through this seemingly small purchase , there ’s no more stopping you from buying more . Shopping season has opened . 5 . The true reason behind the cheap restaurant Chances are you were going to buy something anyway . You were deliberately going to IKEA after all . One of the reasons being that you ’re convinced that they ’re dirt cheap . Just look at the restaurant . It seems they ’re giving away the food for practically nothing . There ’s no way they can make any money on that , right ? Your conscious brain tries to find a rational explanation for it . “ If they ’re only making pennies on a dollar , it can only be profitable when they ’re doing large quantities . ” The proof of the pudding is in the eating , right ? Whether it ’s true or not , this pricing sets the stage for IKEA as a whole . You ’ve convinced yourself that IKEA sells their products at almost the same price they ’ve purchased it . With margins this low , you ’re definitively getting the best price available . While this is n’t necessarily true for all products … 6 . Hot dogs , typically Swedish ? You ’re finally done shopping . You ’ve crossed every item of you list and with enough boxes on your cart to fill half a home , fate is staring you straight in the eyes . It ’s time to check out . All those little purchases slowly add up to a considerable amount . Let ’s face it , spending money does hurt a bit . Still , IKEA wo n’t let you leave feeling depressed . They ’ve found a smart remedy . Simply because they ’re well aware that it ’s the last purchase that sticks around , there ’s one last offer you ca n’t refuse . It ’s the cheapest hot dog or ice cream you ’ll ever find . Why not give yourself a treat after this long shopping trip ? And that ’s how you end up with a good deal . According to the ‘ peak-and rule ’ that ’s the thing that sticks . The peak and the end . Satisfied , you settle down in your — self assembled — couch ( ‘ The IKEA-effect ’ ) and you look back to a fun day shopping . 7 . But wait , there ’s more Tim , do n’t leave us hanging ! What ’s up with that relocated toilet ? What kind of neuromarketing can be behind this ? Back to Google Scholar , I dug into every bit of scientific research I could find on shopping behavior and toilets . Turns out , there ’s none . So did the blue yellow furniture market leader know something not even scientist were able to find out ? On my wits end , I visited my favorite store once more . Searching for inspiration or hints regarding ‘ the toilet experiment ’ . For some reason , and to my surprise , the bathroom was back to its original place . A kind store employee on sight helped me out on this one . The toilets were simply moved because of a construction period .	How IKEA tricks your brain into buying more
Barcelona dropped points at home in LaLiga for the first time since December 2016 on Saturday , as Celta Vigo left Camp Nou with a battling 2-2 draw thanks to Maxi Gomez 's equaliser . Ernesto Valverde 's men looked good value for all three points when Luis Suarez put them 2-1 up just after the hour mark , but Gomez struck soon after to ensure Barca drew a second successive league match following the 1-1 stalemate with Valencia last time out . Iago Aspas gave Celta the lead , punishing Barca 's slow start by rounding off an electric counter-attack with an easy finish , but that only seemed to jolt the home side into life . Lionel Messi restored parity soon after with a clever finish , before then also hitting the post as Barca took charge . Barca had to wait to take full advantage of their superiority again , but they did eventually go ahead just after the hour mark , with Suarez rounding off a fine move to become one of the 10 leading scorers in the club 's history . Gomez drew Celta level , though , and ultimately secured the visitors a point despite the home side 's late pressure , giving the chasing pack hope of gaining on Barca at the top of the table this weekend . With that goal @LuisSuarez9 now has 127 and moves into the all time scoring list at FC BarcelonaWell done , Luis ! #ForçaBarça pic.twitter.com/UacBWYF 0ae — FC Barcelona ( @FCBarcelona ) December 2 , 2017 Although Barca afforded Celta few opportunities to attack in the early stages , the home side lacked urgency in the final third and appeared to be coasting . They were then carved open by the visitors in the 20th minute . Aspas was released in behind the Barca defence on the right , charged into the area and squared to Gomez , whose initial effort was brilliantly saved by Marc-Andre ter Stegen , only for the Uruguayan 's strike partner to knock in the rebound . But that goal seemed to be exactly what Barca needed , as they increased their intensity and levelled within two minutes – Messi firing through Ruben Blanco 's legs after Suarez stepped over Paulinho 's defence-splitting pass . Barca attacks started to come thick and fast , and Celta had to rely on the post to save them just after the half-hour mark , as Messi charged into the penalty area and shot against the left upright from a tight angle . The hosts ' dominance continued into the second half and Paulinho should have put Barca ahead shortly after the restart , shooting into the side-netting after skipping past Ruben . Celta did not get so lucky in the 62nd minute , however . Messi picked out Jordi Alba 's run into the left side of the area with a sublime pass , and the full-back squared to Suarez for a straightforward finish . 11 - Jordi Alba has asssited 11 Luis Suárez goals for FC Barcelona in all competitions . Support . pic.twitter.com/78QXhgV9L 6 — OptaJose ( @OptaJose ) December 2 , 2017 But their lead did not last long . Aspas took full advantage of Samuel Umtiti pulling up with an injury and darted up the flank , before dragging a pass back to Gomez , who beat Ter Stegen in confident fashion . Barca piled men forward in search of a late goal and almost got one through Gerard Pique , but the centre-back hit the post despite dribbling past Ruben . And then Messi inexplicably sent a free header wide of the mark four minutes from time , as Celta held on for a positive result . Key Opta stats : - Iago Aspas has scored four goals in his last four league appearances versus Barcelona ( three goals at Balaidos and one at Camp Nou ) . - For first time , the Galician player scored and supplied an assist in a single LaLiga game for Celta de Vigo away from Balaidos . - Lionel Messi has scored four goals and assisted four in his last three appearances against Celta at Camp Nou . - Paulinho has assisted two goals for Barcelona , both in LaLiga and for Messi goals . - Barcelona have hit the woodwork a league-high 12 times in LaLiga this season . Celta have seen their woodwork hit the joint-most times since 2013-14 ( 12 ) . - Jordi Alba has assisted 11 of Luis Suarez 's goals for Barcelona in all competitions . Of current Barca players , only Messi ( 21 ) has set up the Uruguayan more often . - Barcelona manager Ernesto Valverde is unbeaten in his managerial career versus Celta in LaLiga ( P14 W10 D4 ) . - Including the three previous LaLiga seasons , Celta have scored 12 goals against Barcelona , more than any other team . - Barcelona have scored at least once in 50 of their 52 home league games against Celta ( W39 D11 ) , failing to score in their two defeats ( 0-2 in 1941 and 0-1 in 2014 ) .	Barcelona 2 Celta Vigo 2 : Wasteful hosts drop first points at home in a year
Kostas Manolas has signed a new contract with Roma , pledging his future to the Serie A club until June 2022 . The Greece defender , who arrived from Olympiacos in 2014 , has been linked with a move to the Premier League , with Arsenal , Chelsea and Liverpool all reported to hold an interest in the centre-back . However , the 26-year-old now appears set to remain in Italy for the foreseeable future after penning a three-year extension with his current employers . " I am very happy to sign this extension , " Manolas told Roma 's official website . " I wanted to stay , the club wanted me to stay , and we were able to reach an agreement . " I 'm ready to do the best I can , as I always have , for this team . I want to win something with this club . " Manolas | “ I am very happy to sign this extension . I ’m ready to do the best I can , as I always have , for the team . I want to win something with this club . ” #ASRoma #Manolas pic.twitter.com/WRq5y 6doLb — AS Roma English ( @ASRomaEN ) December 2 , 2017 Roma were always determined to keep hold of a key player who has made 144 appearances for the club , according to sporting director Monchi . " We are very pleased with this contract extension , " Monchi said . " Both the player and the club wanted to reach an agreement , and now we will go forward together , aiming for some important targets . "	Roma hand Manolas new deal
Nobody should be taking — or administering — themNot all companies demand drug tests — there are many companies out there who do n’t — but I have been asked to do them as a new employee a handful of times in my career.And I have never once done so.It ’s important to clarify : I would pass . I do n’t do drugs of any kind.I have to say this because it ’s the number one , first thing people assume . ( Just like people always assume my issue with Vegas is really an issue with gambling , which is also not the case . ) These things have to be explicitly stated.My reason for refusing is not because I ’d fail , but because I object on principle.We should not be testing people for drug use . ( 1 ) Just because you can test for something does n’t mean you shouldHere are some other things we could test for : PregnancyFertilityVision and hearingMemoryBlood sugarIntelligence ( albeit , some companies do ) FitnessA whole slew of health issues : DrivingCivics ( the test administered for U.S. citizenship and immigration ) High school biologyGeneral knowledge of the moon!If this feels like a straw man argument , it ’s because it is one.Just like “ drug tests ” are a straw man when it comes to employment . ( 2 ) Just because you can test for something does n’t mean you should have a right toIf it would be inappropriate to require female employees to take a pregnancy test ( and it absolutely would be , not to mention illegal ) , then requiring a drug test of anyone should be , too . “ Job Performance ” Because that ’s The Big Argument that people always want to make , right?Cool — here ’s why drug tests are a stupid way of assessing it : ( 1 . ) Just because drugs are present does n’t mean it affects job performancei.e. , false positivesYes , marijuana is known to have side effects including but limited to : short-term memory problems , impaired thinking , loss of balance and coordination , decreased concentration , changes in sensory perception , impaired ability to perform complex tasks , decreased alertness , decreased reaction time , etc.However , these side effects largely last from “ two to six hours . ” Which means marijuana is really a concern largely if someone ’s using before or during work . ( 2 . ) Just because someone does n’t do drugs does n’t mean their job performance is n’t affected in other ways.i.e. , false negativesYou wan na talk job performance ? Here are some other things that hugely affect it : Having a baby.Loss of a loved one , including divorce.Illness , including depression.i.e. , pretty fucking standard “ life ” stuff.And none of these even have the biggest impact ! Because the number one things that impact job performance are : The work we do , andThe people we work withWith “ people ” including but not limited to : the people we work for … Whom we measure , in part , by : how they treat us … Which might include whether or not they ’re running a 21st Century operation over here ( based on honoring people ’s privacy and personal life ) , or some mid-Century monastery based on bureaucracy and doing shit because they “ can ” and think they should . “ It ’s illegal ” Oh , you sweet summer child … Life is really not as scary as you make it out to be , sweetheart . ( 1 . ) A lot of shit is “ illegal ” Here ’s a random sampling of other illegal shit : Singing Happy Birthday , Christmas songs , or the Macarena in publicNot coming to a complete , 3-second stopDriving 1 mph over the speed limitConnecting to unsecured Wi-FiDrinking under the age of 21Failing to update your driver license when you moveSharing medicationNot getting a dog licenseJaywalkingAnd maybe you read that list and gloated , “ well I do n’t do any of those ! ” And like , good on you , lil scout ! ( Where do you keep all those gold stars ?? ) But the bigger question here is : would you fire someone else — or retract their offer — for doing any of these?Again , if this seems like a straw man , it ’s because it is one . Just like drug tests are . ( 2 . ) It wo n’t be illegal for long.And then you know what probably will be ? Testing employees ’ bodies for marijuana.Then we ’ll have to find some other arbitrary red tape.Drug tests are a thing of the pastThey ’re reflective of outdated management models and , frankly , outdated manager mindsets.It has nothing to do with “ the millennials wan na get hiiigh , man — chill . ” Because I am one , and I do n’t . It has to do with a shifting society and social perspectives ; a movement towards individual rights . And while a lot of these conversations involve rights to reproduction and voluntary death , they ’re going to percolate into our everyday choices as well . Which also means the way we work — and manage people.And if you want to get on board the bus before it runs you over , stop administering drug tests . That , or you can just react to the blowback when really great new hires start simply refusing to take them .	If You ’re Still Drug Testing Your Employees , You ’re Fucking Up
Hi , I ’m Charley from Japan.I started a series drawing Business Model Diagram . I will introduce nine of them.LemonadeFirst one . Lemonade , a service that gave me a chance to start a series of Business Model Diagram.Recently , new services of finance are steadily appearing , but it is interesting that such a social business wave is getting on even in a legacy industry like insurance.HumaniumMetal named “ Humanium ” made by recycling illegal guns.Although the material is not new , this naming is excellent . It seems that it took two years to create this supply chain . Moreover , this project has won the Innovation Lions in Cannes.PolcaPolca is an app that collects small amount of donation from friends.It is good not to call Crowdfunding but to call it “ Friend ” funding . Furthermore , this app eliminates the review of the project launch and makes it possible to start immediately.TimebankTimebank , an app that buys and sells personal time on the market.What is “ the market to buy and sell time ” ? Until now , there were many services that selling out their skills . But in the end it was a deal only with the selling side and the buying side . Furthermore , it is smart to allow third parties to buy and sell time by circulating time on the market . By doing this , the price of time is decided by market supply and demand relation , and the time value of that person is decided . It is Interesting!CASHCASH is an app that you can cash your items quickly.User can cash immediately after item registration . This is actually possible because you can choose what kind of brand / manufacturer or category of goods from options.ALISALIS is social media which distinguish trustworthy articles and people.Recently , the quality of contents on the Internet is questioned . They point out that it is a structural issue . The problem arises from relying on advertising revenue model . Because we put the most importance on page views . Then economic incentives are biased . That is why the quality of content is likely to decline . They tried to solve it . At that time they found a service called steem . They tried to reproduce it in Japan.This media not only has incentives for those who write articles , there are also incentives for those who evaluate articles . Moreover , if you discover excellent contents early , incentives are more enhanced . ( This is the same mechanism as steem , but it is a simpler mechanism than steem . ) ALIS already raised hundreds of millions in ICO.Social Impact BondHave you ever heard of Social Impact Bond?It started in England in 2010 . The administration uses private funds to provide services . This is not paying for the activity , but paying with social outcome . At that time , the initial cost is recruited from the private fund provider . The fund provider receives a return if the result is satisfactory.By doing so , the administration can reduce the financial risk . It becomes easy to challenge public business.BulletinBulletin Provide physical retail space for online brands.Location is super important for doing real stores . Places like New York have high land prices . However , once the borrower comes out , it will take a while before a next borrower arrives . There , Bulletin focuses on it and succeeds in borrowing at a low price because it can be used well in a short period of time . On the other hand , brands can easily register on monthly subscriptions.They solved both the property owner side and the brand side tasks well . By sharing both time and place . It is like a retail version of WeWork.MobikeBicycle sharing service from Beijing “ Mobike ” . If you do good things you get points . If you do something wrong , the point goes down . This mechanism is well done . Originally the bicycle rental business has been around for a long time , but it was a problem that it was not returned , stolen or broken , which was a difficult area to use ethically . They are trying to solve business-specific tasks well with incentives.I introduced nine business model diagrams.It is very exciting ! However , it is difficult to understand at first glance . I wanted to visualize such a business model clearly.If you want to use images , please contact us . You can use it as a basic freedom . I only want to know what it was used for.Finally , you can download the PDF file . It is a PDF file that contains all the business model diagrams in the article.Thank you for reading.Charley	9 BusinessModels that were impressed in 2017 #BusinessModelDiagram
I think I should write . Write on my website Share it on everywhere And find a riverbank Pull up a chair on the pebbles A coffee table for a small laptop And keep typing Not wonder a lot About what might work out Or what might not Maybe carry a kindle You know how heavy books can get But books have a soul to them So now I am an artist And I want to click a photogragh Write a lot about the photograph Not a one line caption or two Something that might make more sense On VSCO itself But VSCO is more about the image Less about the text I want my life to be confined To that table on those pebbles With birdsongs floating around me And the gushing sound of water With only a tweet per article And no other promotion to hoard My life needs to be in hiding From the world and information flow We are after all creators Not consumers of the world We add to life you see Not steal from it and run So all my thoughts are limited Limited by nature to that table And all my dreams are realized With every keystroke that goes unheard This is a life too easy for me A life where I have to do not much A life where money is not my worry And an escape is all that I crave for On the earth So I see chocolate mud Under my grey shoes Under a chair of rosemary wood I wonder of all the things Your mind can imagine Can you feel them with the same Tenacity and vigour ever But I do n’t care what the world thinks of this My small laptop keyboard is stuck I think I should write away you see About every living soul that I meet And every moment when I am alive Here .	The Writer ’s Manifesto .
Did you know that one of the most common reasons behind missing work is back pain ? This surprising fact was reported by American Chiropractic Association . From consuming anti-inflammatory drugs to using ice packs , the individuals with lower back pain try various treatments.Consulting chiropractor for lower back pain is also one of the treatments considered by the individuals . Usually , this form treatment is considered the last resort all the other options seem to fail in curing the issue.But ideally , you should visit a chiropractor during the initial stages to avoid complications later.So , what exactly results in back pain ? There are several reasons that can result in back pain . One can sprain ligaments , rupture disks , or strain muscles . All these issues can result in back pain . Accidents and sports injuries are also some common causes of back pain . Some other reasons that lead to back pain include arthritis , obesity , and poor posture . Some people also find it shocking that psychological stress is one of the reasons behind back pain.What is the role of a chiropractor ? Chiropractors mainly rely on spinal manipulation for treating back issues . Due to positive clinical outcomes and cost-effectiveness , a lot of individuals now consider it an optimal solution for back issues . As the treatment does not involve any pills , there is no possibility of side effects.If we talk about spinal manipulation , it is one of the safest and effective ways to cure spine pain . This method decreases pain , increases the impact of physical therapy , and ensures that the patient requires limited passive treatments.A good chiropractor analyzes the medical history of the patient . He/she also performs a physical examination and checks diagnostic imaging or lab tests to ensure whether this treatment is suitable for a specific patient . The doctors use a controlled , sudden force that makes range and quality of motion better.You will also find some chiropractors who integrate nutritional counseling as a part of treatment . Some professionals might also add exercises for faster recovery.Chiropractic mobilization is another form of a treatment used by some professionals . It involves low-velocity manipulation , along with stretching and movements of joints and muscles.The effectiveness of chiropractic care for acute and chronic low back pain can be judged through the review of the evidence published in the Annals of Internal Medical . This review considered chiropractic care one of the essential non-pharmacologic therapies for this issue.If you are searching lower back pain chiropractor in San Jose , California , connect with the chiropractors from Back to Back Chiropractic . The professionals also use treatment methods like a cold laser and end-range loading , depending on the type of issue . Read more about the experienced chiropractors and how they can treat your issues here : backtobackchiro.com .	Why Should You Consult a Chiropractor for Lower Back Pain ?
Game Publisher Bethesda Software wo n’t release the game Wolfenstien 2 : The New Colossus in Israel stated on their website on Sunday.Bethesda has stated no reasoning for avoiding the Israeli market and has only stated on their website , “ We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause . ” According to Vice News , The decision was made after the game developers were heavily censored in the German gaming market . The programmers had to remove images of Swastikas and Hitler ’s mustache . Bethesda did not even submit the game to be reviewed by the Israeli censorship.Wolfenstein 2 : The New Colossuses features an American-Jewish protagonist killing Nazis in a Nazi occupied United States . The game in the original programming made a number of references to Nazism , the Klu Klux Klan and used Nazi symbolism in the game environment.Israeli developers Shalov Moran , Alon Karmi and Nadav Hekselman created a parody of Wolfenstein 2 on the website Dancingengie.itch.io . The game is titled Wolfenstache : The New Censorship and features all of the imagery banned in the German gaming media.The Israeli developers say the censorship is disrespectful to both Germans and Israelis . Karmi believes that Bethesda decisions to avoid selling in Israel is based on a fear of offending the Jewish state but disagrees that Israelis would be offended.Moran believes the German censorship law is outdated and Bethesda should have protested the restrictions . “ First and foremost , we ’re calling out Bethesda for what seems to me like the stupidest act of revisionism in history . ” The act of a voluntary Israeli ban is more offense to Jews than any Nazi imagery in the game he said . “ When you ’re not selling your game in Israel because we ’re Jews , you ’re doing it wrong . You can be proud of your game in every game store around the world but so ashamed of it in Israel you wo n’t sell even sell it to us ? ” This is the second time Wolfenstein 2 has been met with criticism for an offensive marketing style . In October , the Wolfenstein Twitter posted a video with the “ Make America Nazi Free Again ” and many followers took it as criticism of US President Donald Trump . The game developers denied they were criticizing the president and just wanted to parody a catchy phrase .	Wolfenstein 2 will not be sold in Israel
The alliance between the Houthi rebels and former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh seems to be on the verge of a split . Together these groups have been fighting against the Saudi-backed forces of ousted President Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi since 2015 . Saleh on Saturday said he was ready to turn a “ new page ” in relations with the Saudi-led coalition , which had intervened to place his successor back in power . He said his offer would require Riyadh to stop attacks on Yemen . “ I call upon the brothers in neighboring states and the alliance to stop their aggression , lift the siege , open the airports and allow food aid and the saving of the wounded and we will turn a new page by virtue of our neighborliness , ” Saleh said in a televised speech . The address came as forces loyal to Saleh were engaged in battle with the troops of Ansar Allah , or the Houthi rebels , in the capital Sanaa . Hostilities between the two sides broke out on Wednesday . More than 100 people were killed in clashes between Houthis and forces loyal to ex-President Saleh on Saturday , Sky News Arabia reported , citing military and medical sources . The majority of those killed were Houthi fighters , the Abu Dhabi-based broadcaster added . Saleh was forced to surrender his office in 2012 amid a wave of mass protests in the country , abandoning the presidency to his Vice-President Hadi . Hadi ran uncontested , won a landslide victory and was expected to resign two years later , but failed to do so amid increasing pressure from the Houthi rebels . In 2015 he fled to Saudi Arabia , which used its military force in a bid to place him back in power in Yemen . The coalition is supported by some Western nations , including the US and the UK , which provide intelligence , refueling and weapons for the war effort . The Houthi allied themselves with the forces loyal to Saleh and have fought a devastating war against forces loyal to Hadi and his foreign backers . Saleh ’s statements were welcomed by the Saudi coalition , which said it was “ confident of the will of the leaders and sons ” of Saleh ’s General People ’s Congress ( GPC ) party to return to the Arab fold . The former president ’s alliance with the Shiite rebels , who are presumed in Riyadh to be a proxy force of Iran , was perceived in the Arab kingdom as a betrayal of Sunni Islam . The Houthi rebels denounced what they described as “ sedition , ” meaning Saleh ’s behaviour towards the Saudi coalition . “ Saleh ’s speech is a coup against our alliance and partnership … and exposed the deception of those who claim to stand against aggression , ” a spokesman for the group said in a statement carried by the rebels ’ Al Masirah TV . Abdel-Malek al-Houthi , the leader of the rebels , called on Saleh to “ show more wisdom and maturity ” in a separate statement . Saleh may be a noticeable player in the Yemeni conflict , but one should not overestimate the role he plays , Sergey Balmasov , senior analyst at the Centre for Crisis Society Studies , told RT . His support has dwindled over the past two years , so his potential decision to break up with the Houthis would not result in a quick end to the war . “ The escalation of violence is overarching there . There is a patchwork of forces , including Al-Qaeda in the Arab Peninsula , Hezbollah , whatever ragtag troops Saudi Arabia brought in like Senegal units . There is in fact no Yemen as a country : It has been torn apart . ” He added that some speculators claim that Saleh ’s statements are actually a proposition by Saudi Arabia to roll down the hostilities in a manner which would save face . “ Riyadh is facing serious financial difficulties . The reserves they accumulated during the fat years are melting like a snowball in the sun , ” he explained . The war in Yemen , the poorest country of the Arab world , is one of the biggest humanitarian disasters of our times . It has claimed over 10,000 lives , left millions with scant access to food , fresh water and medicine and caused the largest outbreak of cholera in modern history . The civilian suffering was exacerbated by the Saudi naval and air blockade of Yemen , human rights groups say . The coalition has also been accused of committing war crimes through indiscriminate attacks on residential areas in cities controlled by the rebel forces .	Anti-Saudi alliance in Yemen splitting as ex-President Saleh makes overtures to Riyadh
A law has reportedly been drafted in India to ban the controversial practice of instant divorce , known as triple talaq , with violators facing three years in jail . Dozens of Muslim men still use the practice yearly , including by means of WhatsApp or SMS.The draft law – entitled the Muslim Women Protection of Rights on Marriage Bill – was sent to the authorities of Indian states on Friday , a senior government official said as reported by The Indian Express . “ Triple talaq ” amounts to divorce in traditional Muslim circles in India , although it is considered to be a glaring misinterpretation of the Koran . The apocryphal ritual is performed when a husband utters the Arabic word ‘ ṭalaq , ’ meaning “ I divorce you , ” to his wife three times . The draft law was prepared by an inter-minister group led by Home Minister Rajnath Singh . The document states that a woman whose husband gave her a triple talaq can to report him to authorities and demand “ subsistence allowance ” for herself and minor children , NDTV reported . Should a husband decide to give his wife an instant divorce online ( via e-mail , WhatsApp or SMS ) , such a procedure will also be illegal , the draft clarifies . “ The provision of subsistence allowance and custody has been made to ensure that in case the husband asks the wife to leave the house she should have legal protection , ” the official said . The draft comes as the practice of “ instant divorce ” continues across India : “ There have been 177 reported cases of instant talaq before the judgement and 66 after the order this year ... Uttar Pradesh tops the list . Hence , the government planned a law . ” The law can be applied everywhere in India , except Jammu and Kashmir province , which has a Muslim-majority population . It is not clear exactly why this bill wo n’t be applied there . A range of Muslim-majority countries , such as Turkey , Egypt , Bangladesh and Pakistan , have long since abolished the instant divorce . However , it remains legal under Indian law . In April this year Prime Minister Narendra Modi gave his opinion of the triple talaq by saying that “ injustice should not be done to Muslim women . ”	India may start jailing for ‘ instant divorce ’ still used by local Muslims
There is an entirely new reason to look forward to 2018 : The Great Muta is returning to wrestle in the United States . The legendary Muta will be teaming with Penta El Zero M against John Hennigan and Sami Callihan for California-based PCW ULTRA . The promotion is celebrating its second anniversary with a show in Wilmington , California on Friday , January 19 , and Muta ’s arrival adds a crown jewel of wrestling royalty atop the card . “ The Great Muta is arguably the greatest Japanese wrestler of all-time , ” said PCW ULTRA owner Mike Scharnagl . “ Each time we have an event , our goal is to make it better than our prior event . With January 19 being our second anniversary show , we wanted to present the fans something truly special . It does n’t get more special than the Great Muta . ” WWE Hall of Famer and fellow Japanese wrestling legend Stan Hansen appeared at last night ’s PCW ULTRA Refuse to Lose show , and he shared the significance of Muta ’s return to the States . “ It ’s a big deal for ULTRA to get Muta , ” said Hansen . “ There have been a handful of great wrestling stars from Japan , like [ Giant ] Baba , Jumbo [ Tsuruta ] , and [ Genichiro ] Tenryu , but Muta has now reached the top . ” Hansen noted that he only wrestled Muta twice in New Japan Pro Wrestling near the beginning of Muta ’s career , but followed his career arch very closely . ” The people will really enjoy Muta , ” said Hansen . “ He has a unique style , so they ’ll be very happy when they see him here . ” The “ Task Master ” Kevin Sullivan helped broker the Muta deal for PCW ULTRA , which was especially apropos considering Sullivan first helped bring Muta to the United States in 1985 . “ I became the booker in Florida , and Hiro Matsuda , who was from New Japan , owned part of the Florida office , ” said Sullivan . “ They wanted to send Muta to the United States , so they sent him to me because of Hiro ’s connection . ” Sullivan joked that it was his brilliant creativity that came up with Muta ’s first name in the US : the White Ninja . “ That was like calling Gone with the Wind something like The Burning of Atlanta , ” said Sullivan . “ I was also booking when Muta came to WCW , and he is a special , once-in-generation star . This might be his last time to the United States , and I ’m excited to see him perform again . ” Muta will also be holding a pro wrestling training seminar on January 20 at the Santino Bros . Wrestling Academy in Bell Gardens , California , a day after the PCW ULTRA show . “ Muta transformed what the United States believed was the Japanese wrestling style , ” said Sullivan . “ Before that , the Japanese wrestling style was mostly holds and the ground game , but Muta was a high-flyer and , with his Japanese outfits , mask , and facepaint , the first colorful character from Japan . The fans here are going to love him . ”	The Great Muta is Returning to the United States to Wrestle
Coming soon : Subscribe to Stocks to Watch every week in article format . Check this space next week for details Key events are scheduled for the companies listed below next week . IPOs expected to price : Quanterix ( Pending : QTRX ) , Odonate Therapeutics ( Pending : ODT ) , Curo Group ( Pending : CURO ) on Dec. 7 , Denali Therapeutics ( Pending : DNLI ) and Luther Burbank Corp. ( Pending : LBC ) on Dec. 8 . Notable earnings reports : Super Micro Computer ( NASDAQ : SMCI ) , Coupa Software ( NASDAQ : COUP ) on Dec. 4 ; AutoZone ( NYSE : AZO ) , Dave &amp; Buster 's ( NASDAQ : PLAY ) , Toll Brothers ( NYSE : TOL ) on Dec. 5 ; Lululemon ( NASDAQ : LULU ) , Broadcom ( NASDAQ : AVGO ) ( NYSE : AVG ) , American Eagle Outfitters ( NYSE : AEO ) , H&amp;R Block ( NYSE : HRB ) , Okta ( NASDAQ : OKTA ) on Dec. 6 ; Dollar General ( NYSE : DG ) , Finisar ( NASDAQ : FNSR ) , American Outdoor Brands ( NASDAQ : AOBC ) and Ciena ( NASDAQ : CIEN ) on Dec. 7 . Quiet period expirations : Sogou ( NYSE : SOGO ) , Meridian Bank ( NASDAQ : MRBK ) , Metropolitan Bank ( NYSE : MCB ) , CBTX ( Pending : CBTX ) , Four Seasons Education ( Pending : FEDU ) , InflaRx ( Pending : IFRX ) , Apellis Pharmaceuticals ( Pending : APLS ) on Dec. 4 ; Bandwidth ( Pending : BAND ) on Dec. 5 . ; Erytech Pharma ( Pending : ERYP ) on Dec. 8 . IPO/secondary share lockup period expirations : Rosetta Genomics ( NASDAQ : ROSG ) , Zogenix ( NASDAQ : ZGNX ) , ShotSpotter ( NASDAQ : SSTI ) , Athene ( NYSE : ATH ) , Matador Resources ( NYSE : MTDR ) on Dec. 4 ; Immuron ( NASDAQ : IMRN ) , Insmed ( NASDAQ : INSM ) on Dec. 5 ; Polar Power ( NASDAQ : POLA ) , Kratos Defense ( NASDAQ : KTOS ) , BCB Bancorp ( NASDAQ : BCBP ) on Dec. 7 ; OneMain ( NYSE : OMF ) on Dec. 8 . Annual meetings : Ruby Tuesday ( NYSE : RT ) , Vail Resorts ( NYSE : MTN ) on Dec. 6 ; Guidewire Software ( NYSE : GWRE ) , 58.com ( NYSE : WUBA ) , Ascena Retail Group ( NASDAQ : ASNA ) on Dec. 7 . Investor/analyst day events : Omnicell ( NASDAQ : OMCL ) , Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical ( NASDAQ : RARE ) on Dec. 4 ; Home Depot ( NYSE : HD ) , Newmont Mining ( NYSE : NEM ) , Vale ( NYSE : VALE ) on Dec. 6 ; WestRock ( NYSE : WRK ) , Fifth Third Bancorp ( NASDAQ : FITB ) and Principal Financial Group ( NYSE : PFG ) on Dec. 7 . Business update call : Cisco ( NASDAQ : CSCO ) on Dec. 4 . Retail watch : Strong Black Friday/Cyber Monday updates last week were followed up by a sizzling sales report from Costco ( NASDAQ : COST ) and some optimism from Macy 's ( NYSE : M ) . Next up is a heavy slate of conferences . Presenting companies at the Barclays ( LON : BARC ) Eat , Sleep , Play conference ( Dec. 5-7 ) include Shake Shack ( NYSE : SHAK ) , SuperValu ( NYSE : SVU ) , Sprouts Farmers Market ( NASDAQ : SFM ) , Perry Ellis ( NASDAQ : PERY ) , US Foods ( NYSE : USFD ) , Kroger ( NYSE : KR ) , Eldorado Resorts ( NASDAQ : ERI ) and SpartanNash ( NASDAQ : SPTN ) . The KeyBanc Consumer Conference ( Dec. 5-6 ) includes talks from Perry Ellis ( PERY ) , Blue Apron ( NYSE : APRN ) , Bojangles ( NASDAQ : BOJA ) , Oxford Industries ( NYSE : OXM ) , Weight Watchers ( NYSE : WTW ) and Prestige Brands ( NYSE : PBH ) . FDA watch : Clovis Oncology ( NASDAQ : CLVS ) is expected to hear on a review for Rubranca sNDA . A FDA Bone , Reproductive and Urologic Drugs Advisory Committee meeting could be significant for Aquinox Pharmaceuticals ( NASDAQ : AQXP ) and Allergan ( NYSE : AGN ) . Barron 's mentions : The Bitcoin craze ( OTCQX : GBTC , COIN , RIOT , OTC : BITCF , OTCPK : BTSC , OTCQB : BTCS , OTCQB : MGTI ) and the cryptocurrency 's role with traditional financial players is the subject of the cover story . World Wrestling Entertainment ( NYSE : WWE ) and Ping An Insurance ( OTCPK : PIAIF , OTCPK : PNGAY ) are called out for their upside potential . Barron 's talks U.S. tax reform , pointing to Southwest Airlines ( NYSE : LUV ) , Apple ( NASDAQ : AAPL ) and Microsoft ( NASDAQ : MSFT ) as just some of the companies that could see a significant windfall . Sources : EDGAR , Bloomberg , Nasdaq.com . Now read :	Stocks to watch next week
FL Studio 12.5.1.5 Crack is a complete software music production environment or Digital Audio Workstation ( DAW ) . Representing more than 18 years of innovative developments it has everything you need in one package to compose , arrange , record , edit , mix and master professional quality music . FL Studio is now one of the world ’s most popular DAWsFL Studio 12.5.1.5 Crack OverView : FL Studio 12.5.1.5 Crack is the best music developer and producing software also called Fruity Loops . It is the most popular studio because it contains Cardinal auditory workplace . FL Studio has different features such as it contains graphics and Music Sequencer . This program is available for Microsoft Windows in three different editions . These editions include Fruity Edition , Producer Edition and the last one is Signature Bundle . By using this splendid program , consumers can pore such a magical sounds and effects into their creations . The Program is now also available for iPhone , iPod , iPads , Android and other portable devices.FL Studio 12.5.1.5 Registration Key can be used as Virtual Studio Technology ( Mildware music production technology ) . Majority of the professionals and musicians are using it for hip-hop music and many DJ ’s uses this medium of sound in parties . FL Studio is one of the most popular studios among all people related to this field . It is very beneficial for the people regarding music . You can get online technical support round the clock . Every person is a concern with the security issue . Once you install any software on your PC , viruses , Trojans , adware , and malware can enter on your computer and someone can gain access to your personal profile and details . But FL Studio gives you protection , while you install this software your personal information can not be hacked.It has one more benefit that anyone can have free access to upgrades . If there is any latest version available , anyone can upgrade it immediately without any barrier.FL Studio 12.5.1.5 Crack Key Features : FL Studio 12.5.1.5 Crack has user-friendly interface with a fruity lookMore enhanced and controllable Piano roll with auto zooming in the setting panelIt gives you a real-time Maverick rhythm and sound variations while in Real Time Stretch moodMore variety of audio progressions replaceable with piano usageIt is one of the best Digital Audio Workstation in the marketAll professionals as well as new in the field can use it easilyWhile working on the main menu it allows you to separate a window for a specific workYou can do more with its multi-touch quality to its outstanding mixerIt works smoothly in your desired resolutionYou can work with VST plugins installation which is great thingIt has new Fruity Envelope and Keyboard controller user interfaceThe software gives you complete security and protection against any virus threatsIt has right click deletion option	FL Studio 12.5.1.5 Crack With Registration Key
Three top officials from French-Swiss industrial giant Lafarge have been put under formal investigation for alleged “ financing of a terrorist enterprise , ” judicial sources said . French prosecutors are looking into the company ’s activities in Syria.The scandal hit LafargeHolcim ( created after France ’s Lafarge merged with the Swiss company Holcim in 2015 ) in summer 2016 following a report in Le Monde . The paper claimed Lafarge paid Islamic State ( IS , formerly ISIS ) in 2013-2014 to continue operations in northern Syria . Lafarge ’s Jalabiya plant in northern Syria was the conduit for the payments . On Friday Frederic Jolibois , who took over as manager of the Jalabiya plant in 2014 , was charged with financing a terrorist company , violation of European regulations concerning the embargo on Syrian oil and endangering the lives of others , his lawyer Jean Reinhart said as cited by French media . Jolibois has admitted that he bought oil from “ non-governmental organisations ” , in particular from Kurdish and Islamist groups . In 2011 the EU imposed sanctions on import of Syrian oil , as well as investment in the energy industry . Jolibois ’ predecessor Bruno Pescheux and Lafarge security boss Jean-Claude Veillard , were also charged with financing terrorism and endangering others ’ lives , AFP reported citing judicial sources . Pescheux , who managed the plant from 2008 till 2014 , admitted that Lafarge paid up to $ 100,000 a month to an intermediary who turned out to be Firas Tlass , a Syrian business tycoon . Tlass , who was a minor partner of the plant , would send around $ 20,000 of this money to IS , Pescheux said . Veillard added that when IS finally took control of the plant in September 2014 , Syrian employees “ had to flee on their own ” . “ My client [ Veillard ] never had any decision-making power in Lafarge , ” his lawyer Sebastien Schapira said , adding that he would contest Veillard ’s indictment . In March 2017 the firm admitted that it provided funds to “ certain armed groups ” and “ sanctioned parties ” in order “ to maintain operations and ensure safe passage of employees and supplies to and from the plant . ” All monetary transactions were made between 2013 and September 2014 , when the plant was evacuated . A month later , in April 2017 LafargeHolcim CEO Eric Olsen announced his resignation . He denied any wrongdoing but said that his “ departure will contribute to bringing back serenity to a company that has been exposed for months on this case . ” LafargeHolcim is a world leader in building materials and one of the biggest players in the cement , aggregate , and concrete industries . Around 90,000 employees are working for the group in more than 80 countries , according to the data from the company ’s website .	Top officials from French-Swiss cement giant Lafarge suspected of financing terrorism
The home speaker market is hotting up , and there is already an Amazon Echo Dot vs Google Home Mini war taking place ! The two mega-corporations have become the dominant players in this artificial intelligence marketplace , and thus it is informative to compare the qualities of the two devices . Forbes test Firstly , Forbes put the two devices through their paces by setting the Amazon Echo Dot and Google Home Mini a series of tricky questions to answer . And as much as Amazon and Google have boasted about the capabilities of their new speaker devices , Forbes concluded that neither actually perform particularly well . The Google Home Mini was able to answer 24/45 questions adequately , while Forbes also gave an extra half point to this device . But the Amazon Echo Dot was n’t even able to answer 50 percent of the queries it was posed successfully , scoring only 18.5 out of a possible 45 in the test . Forbes noted that both assistants have improved somewhat since the last time that they were tested , but clearly there is still room for improvement . Nonetheless , the Google Home Mini undoubtedly came out on top in this basic testing of its capabilities . Light operation But answering questions is just one small part of the Amazon Echo Dot vs Google Home Mini comparison . Consumers also invest in these devices with the hope of making everyday household tasks easier to carry out . So how do these two devices cope with turning lighting on and off ? Of course , this can differ depending on the lighting system implemented in your particular home , but the consensus of opinion is that the Google Home Mini actually copes with this rather better . Voice commands do n’t seem to be entirely consistent with the Amazon Echo Dot at present , meaning that the Google Home Mini is certainly the better home assistant in this department . Playing music Amazon particular ; y features the playback of music rather prominently in its marketing material for the Echo Dot , so this is another valid area to make an Amazon Echo Dot vs Google Home Mini comparison . Both of these smart speakers are capable of playing music , but are primarily designed to handle voice commands and responses . With relatively tiny drivers and speaker systems included in the two systems , the playback of music can sound a little tinny and mediocre on both devices . However , the 3.5 mm headphone jack included in the Amazon Echo Dot improves music playback significantly . More music services work with the Alexa system , and despite the Chromecast compatibility of the Google effort , the Amazon Echo Dot is unquestionably the better music playback device at present . Turn on the TV We all hate getting up to turn on the television set , and nowadays we ca n’t even be bothered to use a remote ! So a key pillar in the Amazon Echo Dot vs Google Home Mini battle is the ability of the devices to successfully turn a TV on and off . It is firstly important to note that in order to control most television sets a separate home hub , such as the Logitech Harmony Elite , is requisite . Possibly some control over TV can be asserted through Chromecast , but this has n’t proved to be hugely successful in testing . Again , there is no doubt that the Google Home Mini operates more slickly in this department , making it far more feasible to switch channels and operate a television set via voice commands . This is an area where the Google device has an edge over the Amazon offering , and Amazon clearly has work to do here . Design Design is perhaps not the most obvious area for an Amazon Echo Dot vs Google Home Mini comparison . But ultimately these devices are part of our homes , and thus they need to look good . Of course , this is a rather subjective area for comparison , but the consensus of opinion is that the matte finish of the Amazon Echo Dot exterior is rather dated . The Google Home Mini provides coral , chalk and charcoal options , while the curved appearance of the device is somewhat more pleasing than its Amazon rival . The fabric finish is also a nifty aspect of this device , and this means that the Google Home Mini has the edge in this department as well . Services The quality of services delivered by the two devices is actually rather similar . The two ecosystems have achieved virtual parity , with phone calls and the control of connected devices possible with both systems . Naturally , both manufacturers have neglected to include the other party ’s music systems , so Google Home Mini wo n’t work with Amazon Music , while the Amazon Echo Dot is incompatible with Google Play Music . This could ultimately impact on in your decision , but the reality is that the functionality of these two devices is at least theoretically almost identical . The quality of operation can vary , but both systems have been set up to achieve similar things . Conclusion So who comes out on top in the Amazon Echo Dot vs Google Home Mini war ? Well , it ’s bad news for Amazon . Considering that both of these devices are pretty well priced , and almost identical in terms of recommended retail price , it really comes down to the qualities of the two units . And the Google Home Mini consistently outperforms the Amazon Echo Dot in almost every department . Not only that , but it is also a more attractive addition to one ’s dwelling . Those wanting a music playback device may opt for the Amazon speaker , but the superior all-round package , and the smarter assistant , is undoubtedly provided by the Google Home Mini .	Amazon Echo Dot vs Google Home Mini : Smart Speaker Comparison
Not everyone is a fan of the squishy , squawking porgs in Star Wars : The Last Jedi — including one of the film ’s cast members . No , not Chewie . Porgs were a contentious topic when director Rian Johnson and some of his cast members appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live Friday night . “ Who did n’t like it ? The porg ? ” Kimmel asked , to which John Boyega ( playing Finn in the film ) raised his hand behind Johnson ’s back . “ I just naturally do n’t like ‘ em , ” Boyega said , as the audience giggled . “ I do n’t . I was on the [ Millennium ] Falcon and there was a hole and then there was like all little porgs bunched together and then there were big ones . ” “ They have the puppets blinking and all that kind of stuff . I ’m not into it , ” he added . Oscar Isaac ( Poe Dameron ) wanted to make it clear that he is “ pro porg , ” while Andy Serkis ( Supreme Leader Snoke ) joked about playing one of them through motion capture . “ We talked through the story line , but it just did n’t evolve the way that I thought it might , ” he said . Since debuting in that early trailer for The Last Jedi , porgs have become a new sensation — there ’s even a porg Build-a-Bear . These creatures are natives of Ahch-To , where Luke Skywalker ( Mark Hamill ) is teaching Rey ( Daisy Ridley ) his Jedi ways . The scenes on the island , glimpsed at the end of The Force Awakens , were filmed on Skellig Islands off the coast of Ireland . “ If you go to Skellig at the right time of year , it ’s just covered in puffins , and they ’re the most adorable things in the world , ” Johnson had told EW . “ So when I was first scouting there , I saw these guys , and I was like , oh , these are part of the island . And so the porgs are in that realm . ” The director certainly likes them . He got an animatronic porg as a wrap gift , courtesy of creature creator Neal Scanlan . “ When we would bring the puppet out on set , that ’s when I first got my inkling because the work would stop on set and half the crew would be like , ‘ Aww , it ’s so adorable , ’ and half the crew would be giving it the side eye , ” Johnson told Kimmel .	Star Wars : The Last Jedi cast has mixed feelings about porgs
Some big names — including Jeff Daniels , Michelle Dockery and Scoot McNairy — donned cowboy hats and mounted horses for Godless , a seven-episode Western on Netflix . Each episode was written and directed by Scott Frank ( A Walk Among the Tombstones ) , while Steven Soderbergh ( Ocean 's Eleven ) serves an executive producer.But does all that talent add up to a compelling show ? That 's what TechCrunch 's Darrell Etherington and Anthony Ha discuss on the latest episode of the Original Content podcast.Godless centers on La Belle , a mining town where almost all of the men were killed an accident , leaving the women to carry on . And at least in Darrell 's view , the limited series might be the very best thing Netflix has produced.As usual , we also cover the week 's streaming and entertainment news , including uncertain production plans for House of Cards , new projections for Apple 's content spending and the first trailer for Avengers : Infinity War.You can listen to the episode in the player above , subscribe using Apple Podcasts or find us in your podcast player of choice . If you like the show , please let us know by leaving a review on Apple . You also can send us feedback directly.This article originally appeared on TechCrunch at https://techcrunch.com/2017/12/02/original-content-podcast-godless/	Original Content podcast : We ride with the outlaws of ' Godless '
MONROVIA ( CBSLA ) – A 43-year-old man was killed and two others were wounded when shots were fired following an argument in a busy Monrovia bar at around midnight Friday . The shooting occurred at the Gem City Grill in the 100 block of East Olive Avenue at approximately 12:01 a.m. Saturday . Witnesses said the shooting was precipitated by an argument that escalated into a fight , the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department reports . Witnesses said the suspect and his companions entered the bar just before midnight and got into a fight with some patrons . The suspect , a Latino , then pulled out a gun and opened fire , hitting three men . The bar , which is known for hosting live music , was filled with patrons when the shots rang . Witnesses told CBS2 that some people ran into nearby businesses and apartments to take shelter as Monrovia police rushed to the scene and established a perimeter . CBS2 ’s Brittney Hopper spoke to one man who said the screaming drowned out the sound of the gunfire . The suspect and his companions escaped . They ran from the bar and were seen fleeing west on Olive Avenue , LASD reports . All three victims were taken to nearby hospitals , where one of them was pronounced dead . The other two men , both 24 years of age , are expected to survive . Their names were not released . About two blocks from the scene , authorities cordoned off a home where they thought the shooting suspect was holed up . After several hours , and using a flash bang , officials determined the home was unoccupied . Detectives said Saturday two had been arrested but the gunman remained at large . Detectives believe the shooting was gang-related .	Shots Ring Out In Monrovia Bar ; Man Dead , 2 Wounded
In a series of tweets on Saturday , Donald Trump , Jr. , blasted ABC News for its " misleading bombshell " report about former national security adviser Michael Flynn 's testimony to the FBI about his contact with Russian officials and the lagging efforts of the network to correct a key portion Friday 's report . " @ABC retracts their misleading ' bombshell ' and removes their tweet approximately 12 hours after they knew it to be false . I know it 's rare for you guys to get more than 200 RTs so I guess you milk it when you can ?!?! #fakenews , " Trump , Jr. , tweeted Saturday . Trump , Jr. , also tweeted Saturday the " truth does n't fit the ( network 's ) narrative " and claimed " the same error about his predecessor would have been met with real consequences . " He also stressed what President Donald Trump has repeatedly called " fake news " about mainstream media reports of his presidency . On Friday , ABC News reported Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about communicating with Russian officials while Trump was a candidate , a claim the president has consistently denied . The news sent the stock market downward after ABC News reported it and posted on Twitter . It was subsequently reported by various other news agencies . However , hours later the network issued a correction on Twitter stating the president had reportedly " directed ( Flynn ) to make contact with the Russians " on various topics after Trump was elected president " during the transition " into office . Journalists , conservatives and Twitter users blasted ABC News over the error .	Donald Trump Jr . Blasts ABC for ' Misleading Bombshell ' on Flynn , Russia Report
UCF outside linebacker Shaquem Griffin is one of the best defenders in college football . He also has one hand , because he was born with amniotic band syndrome . Griffin is better with one hand than the vast majority of linebackers are with two . The latest example : Him using his left arm , where he does n’t have a hand , to wrench a fumble recovery away from a Memphis player in Saturday ’s AAC title game . Griffin is an elite athlete and has excellent strength . He was the AAC ’s Defensive Player of the Year in 2016 and was in the running for the honor again this year . ( Houston defensive tackle Ed Oliver was the winner . ) Shaquem was 4 years old when doctors amputated his left hand as the result of amniotic band syndrome , a congenital birth defect that occurs in about one in every 1,200 births . He lived with constant , scorching pain every time his jelly-like fingers and hand touched anything . One night , his mother found Shaquem in the kitchen with a knife attempting to cut his fingers off . " He was like , ' It 's hurting me really bad , it hurts , it hurts . Just cut it off , cut it off , ' " Tangie said . " I called the doctor the next morning . " With the doctor 's approval , Shaquem went back to daycare with this brother just 24 hours after surgery . Tangie had her concerns . Would " Quem " be OK ? How would other kids respond ? How would his teachers respond ? All of her questions were soon answered when she picked her boys up from school . She remembers watching Shaquem barreling toward her with a football cradled in his arm next to his bloody bandage and a flutter of his classmates running behind him . " Of course that freaked me out , " she said . " He 's looking and showing me the ball and he 's fine . We bandaged him back up and went on from there . "	Anyone who 's ever doubted UCF 's Shaquem Griffin should just watch this play
Quick Review ( 4/5 ) Tommy Wiseau ’s The Room . A legendarily bad movie . In fact , arguably the worst movie of all time . I ’ve never seen The Room until preparing for James Franco ’s The Disaster Artist last night . I can say with certainty , The Room is indeed a heaping trash fire . After a serge of memes for The Room the past couple of years , there are two options . Make a profound documentary exploring Tommy ’s strange mind and slap it on Netflix . The other option is to make a parody . James Franco chose both . No , it ’s not a mockumentary . It ’s cart : comedy and art , or armedy . A somewhat true story about the magic behind the cutain . Tommy ( James Franco ) and Greg ’s ( Dave Franco ) clashing personalities launches the development of The Room and its eventual demise . Franco ’s off the wall energy is fitting for a guy like Tommy , the man behind a pitiful and troubled laughing stock of Hollywood . And of course , it could n’t be without a steady stream of comedy from the man himself and his brother . We ’re reminded that Tommy is an artist with a passion despite his infamy . The directing is n’t quite as on the nose as James ’ uncanny Tommy mannerisms . His use of isolated pop culture references can get unwieldy and caring about the man is forgotten . It would be ironic as hell if this movie were poorly made . It ’s not unfortunately . It ’s a riot .	James Franco ’s The Disaster Artist
Pelicans forward Anthony Davis suffered a groin injury in the team 's loss to the Jazz Friday night , and is likely to miss Saturday 's game against Portland . Davis suffered the injury early in the fourth quarter while boxing out for a rebound . He went down on the floor after minimal contact with Jazz forward Derrick Favors . Davis had to be helped off the court , unable to put any weight on his left leg , before getting into a wheelchair . #Pelicans Anthony Davis was helped off the court after suffering a leg injury ?? pic.twitter.com/Ht2qnO7jmt https://t.co/5omScdOtHw — Hornets Social ( @HornetsSocial ) December 2 , 2017 Davis was scheduled for an MRI Saturday , and coach Alvin Gentry told reporters he 's " very unlikely " to play Saturday against the Trail Blazers . It 's been an eventful week for Davis . He was named Western Conference Player of the Week , then on Wednesday earned his first career ejection after arguing with a referee , which resulted in a $ 25,000 fine from the NBA . Davis is averaging 25.2 points and 11 rebounds per game this season .	Anthony Davis injury update : Pelicans star injures groin , likely out Saturday
Throughout the past three decades , there have been great advancements in the human world , making life better for some , and making others richer . All of these great ideas ( Facebook , Google , Uber , Snapchat , Instagram , etc ) have had common traits . In this post , I ’d like to discuss the traits.The first trait is that these ideas have made life easier for people . Facebook has made it easier for people to know what their friends are up to . Google has made it extremely easier to browse the web . Uber has given us the comfort of making money on our free time or paying less for taxis.Every person wants an easier life , and when there ’s something that provides them with it , they take advantage of it and use it . This benefits both the consumer , and the producer.The second common trait between these ideas is that they make things faster . Facebook lets you quickly get in touch with your friends and see what they ’re doing . Google gives you quick and easy access to loads of data and information . Snapchat makes it quick for people to share photos with each other , and so does Instagram.Making things happen faster is part of the masterplan for making life easier , a master plan that everyone is trying to get their hands on . Making things faster benefits the consumer , which , ultimately , leads to the producer benefiting from it.The third common trait is that they are ideas that can be capitalized . Companies can pay to place ads on Google , Facebook and Instagram . Uber can collect commissions.However unsatisfying it may be for the consumers to know that they are being benefited from , they know that it is worth it . As long as a product makes life easier , a little cost , such as seeing an advertisement or two , is definitely worth it.The fourth common trait is that they are either cheap or free . Uber became popular because of its low prices compared to cabs . Facebook became popular because it was free , unlike most other forms of communication.Popular products usually do not make the consumer pay , they have a third-party payer . For example , the consumers of Facebook do not directly pay Facebook for its service ; Facebook benefits from the consumers through third-party advertisers , every time the consumer clicks on an ad . This is great for the consumer.The fifth common trait is the easy accessibility of the product . Anyone with a car can earn money from Uber . Anyone with a smart electronic device can use Google , Facebook , Instagram , or Snapchat.Great companies take benefit from the mainstream , widespread products that are already in the hands of its future costumers , and capitalize on them . This is great for both the consumer and the producer , as the consumer has — pretty much — 24/7 access to the product and the producer can capitalize on that.The sixth , and perhaps most important common trait among successful companies is that they fill-in the needs of its future consumers . These needs may even be unknown to the consumer . For example , no one thought of the need for an online social media , but soon , after Facebook went mainstream , they felt the need to have it.Great companies either fill-in the consumers ’ needs , or create the demand for their products themselves.Share your great ideas below , in the comments section !	The next big thing
President Trump insisted again Saturday that his 2016 election campaign did n’t collude with Russia , and that he fired former national security adviser Michael Flynn because he lied to Vice President Pence . “ I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI , ” Trump tweeted just after noon . “ He has pled guilty to those lies . It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful . There was nothing to hide ! ” Flynn pleaded guilty Friday to lying to the FBI about his conversations with Russia ’s US ambassador . As part of his guilty plea , Flynn agreed to cooperate with special counsel Robert Mueller ’s investigation into possible collusion between Trump ’s team and Russia . Earlier on Saturday , Trump insisted there was “ absolutely no collusion ” between his 2016 campaign and Russia . “ What has been shown is no collusion , no collusion , ” Trump told reporters outside of the White House before departing to New York City to attend three fundraisers . “ We ’ll see what happens , ” Trump added to shouted questions about Flynn ’s guilty plea . “ There ’s been absolutely no collusion , so we ’re very happy , ” Trump continued . At a protest Saturday morning across from Cipriani on East 42nd Street in Manhattan — where Trump appeared at a breakfast fundraiser — one sign with a picture of the president read “ Putin ’s Puppet . ” Some protesters also chanted , “ New York hates you , ” and “ Lock him up . ” The protesters were focused the $ 1.2 trillion tax reform passed by the Senate early Saturday . But a few alluded Flynn ’s agreement to cooperate with the Mueller investigation as part of his guilty plea . “ Flynn should spell his guts . He should n’t take no bullet for no one , ” said Gerard Despinosse , a 65-year-old union organizer from the Bronx who held a sign declaring “ Lock Him Up ” with a picture of Trump and handcuffs . “ Trump has no loyalty to anyone but to himself . ”	Trump explains why he fired Flynn
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — The NYPD is looking for five people who allegedly robbed a woman and her daughter at gunpoint in Brooklyn on Thursday . Police say the 30-year-old victim was walking with her 8-year-old daughter in front of 1 Wells Street in East New York when four men and a woman came up from behind her and demanded her money and phone while brandishing a black firearm . Suspects wanted in connection to East New York robbery . ( credit : NYPD ) The victim gave the man flashing the gun two cell phones while another man grabbed her wallet containing her ID and credit cards , according to police . The alleged robbers fled in an unknown direction . The victim was uninjured and refused medical attention at the scene . Anyone with information in regards to this robbery is asked to call the NYPD ’s Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS ( 8477 ) or for Spanish , 1-888-57-PISTA ( 74782 ) . The public can also submit their tips by logging onto the Crime stoppers website at WWW.NYPDCRIMESTOPPERS.COM or by texting their tips to 274637 ( CRIMES ) then enter TIP577 . All calls are strictly confidential .	Gun-Toting Group Robs Woman Walking With 8-Year-Old Daughter In Brooklyn
I ’ve never really been a big vendor conference kind of person . I ’ve never been at a company ( until now ) that ’s thought it important enough to send me to these conferences either.But now that I ’m one of two Senior Developer Advocates for Serverless at AWS ( I recently started ) , it ’s part of my job to go to re : Invent and build the community , speak to people and help the community to understand Serverless better.And I love it.In fact , some people have said ( jokingly ) they thought I ’ve been working for AWS for a lot longer!Don ’ t get me wrong , I ’m exhausted , jetlagged and trying to remember half the stuff that happened this week.So , given that I ’ve already forgotten some of it , I thought I ’d give my opinion on the big highlights for Serverless that came out of re : Invent before I completely forget.Because re : Invent 2017 has been a great one for Serverless.There have been loads of Serverless announcements , like Serverless Application Repository and the coming Go support in Lambda ( which is awesome btw ) . This blog is n’t about putting the same info out there that has already been done by AWS . You can simply look at the AWS blogs for dates around re : Invent to see what ’s been released.But there were real highlights for me and they may be a little different in focus to what you may have seen , simply because of my startup CTO background.Canary and Blue/Green toolingSimply put : Lambda is the future of compute.Everyone will ( eventually ) be putting almost all of their business logic through an on-demand compute model because the more your code reflects your business logic , the less wasted compute and wasted time building and maintaining that compute you have.And the ambition can be fulfilled to a great extent in Lambda.With the release of canarying tools in Lambda and API Gateway canarying tools it has become a lot easier to deploy new features without the “ on/off ” nature of the switching between Lambdas and APIs we ’ve had up until now.Basically , the services ( in different but similar ways ) allow for traffic shifting from old to new . And that for many companies is really key.When I was a CTO , one of the hardest things to manage was deployments of new features and bug fixes into our production environments . It was managed by doing things like not releasing just before you finish work ( e.g. Friday ! ) and other process based things like that.But in a world of “ Continuous ” deployment and integration the idea of blocking by default ( while still useful ) is not always helpful . Sometimes you have to deploy at the wrong time , and businesses have to be able to make decisions at the day/hour/minute level.And that ’s where the canarying tools are absolutely vital . As far as a business decision around whether or not to consider Lambda , this I think is the biggest positive to come out of re : Invent for the Serverless community.We are now in a world where a key business decision could be made , and the tech to support it produced in hours . Canarying allows for new features to be released more quickly and allows decision makers to increase both their feature velocity and their ability to try new things.I can not wait to see companies starting to canary deploy and test new features at scale and speed.Cloud9 IDE , AWS and Lambda IntegrationThis might seem a little less obvious than the big announcements but I think this one is absolutely brilliant.I ’ve been using Cloud9 for a while now , simply as a useful way to not have to worry about installing an IDE . I have a Chromebook at home and I experimented with using it as my development machine for a few weeks to try to work out if it was possible.And it was.Because Cloud9.But I ’m not really talking about how good Cloud9 is , and how fast it ’s developing , even thought it ’s a great tool in the arsenal.I ’m also not talking about how you can enable it to use vim shortcuts ( wheee ! ) The thing that ’s absolutely blown me away after only a few minutes of playing with it is how you can use it from within AWS , and the integrations with AWS and Lambda.Previously , when you bundled a Lambda function into a zip file and uploaded it , there was no way of reviewing the code without downloading the zip file and unzipping it.Now within the AWS console , you can go in and look at the entire zip file contents , and edit those contents with an embedded Cloud9 IDE.Quick note : this is n’t the best way to build production systems — for that you need to care about automation , CI/CD , infrastructure as code ( e.g. SAM/CloudFormation ) etc.For the situation where you are prototyping and wanting to create Proof of Concept solutions , an embedded IDE into Lambda is really really awesome.But that ’s just the Lambda integration.My absolute favourite tip that someone showed me this week was how the Cloud9 IDE in AWS is beginning to integrate with all the AWS services.They showed me how using CodeStar you can in just a few clicks , completely setup a project , with CI/CD , CloudFormation and integration with Cloud9.You can create a production ready project starter and be coding and deploying in seconds.And that includes multi-Lambda solutions , with integrated API Gateway and all that goes with it.And not only that , but because it ’s integrated with a version control system already , you are completely ready to start developing with your whole team.It ’s awesome ! I ’m sure I ’ll do a blog somewhere on that in more detail , but for now , go and have a play.Lambda and Serverless is becoming * the * ecosystemOne thing that was clear to me , is the sheer number of people wanting to learn about Serverless too . One of my colleagues talks had a near riot ( total exaggeration I know ) with the number of people trying to get into a room laid out for 50 . And when they put it in a much much bigger venue , it was packed out.Lambda is n’t just that “ new ” thing that people struggle to understand anymore . It ’s mainstream and it ’s evolving and growing rapidly.Now I know that I have a bias here . It ’s my job to be all excited about Lambda and Serverless now . But I reckon you can tell from reading my blogs that I ’ve been excited about this for a long time.But those people who ’ve only ever touched EC2 and load balancers and maybe VPCs here and there are now coming to sessions to learn about Lambda , API Gateway , Step Functions , Cognito , DynamoDB and all the other elements of a Serverless ecosystem.The stories coming out of companies using Serverless solutions are increasingly compelling too from both a cost basis , and a development basis.And I am really excited to hear the new stories this year . Because the momentum is shifting towards Lambda in a very big way.We ’re just starting to go beyond the “ What is Serverless ? ” question now … We are starting to see very big companies with very big solutions relying on a technology that was launched only 3 years ago.Think about that.It used to be that we were discussing how to go Cloud.That discussion is now shifting rapidly to how to go Serverless.Why does this matter to you?I ’m a former CTO and a former Startup CTO as well . I remember having to build prototypes of production systems , launch things before they were ready , backfill CI/CD processes , bug fix systems that were creaking because of how badly they were built by a junior a year ago who has now left … and so on.Lambda and Serverless changed all that for me . I could immediately take an idea , and turn it into a scalable solution that would outlast the business decision being taken to develop it.And that ’s why this matters.Because these tools + Serverless allow you to build not just scalable solutions , but solutions that can be … ready-made for teams andready made for CI/CD andready made for immediate development andready made for changing business decisions andready made for future tech developments andready made for scale.No solution is ever perfect . But when you look at the improvements of a Serverless approach over other approaches from a business point of view , it really can make a huge difference to speed of both getting to market fast and development of new features.And underneath it all , ( almost all ) tech is about making a business work.So why would n’t you want your business to work faster and be more adaptable than the competition?Because that ’s what I see as the value of Serverless.And that ’s why the Serverless stories from re : Invent should matter to you.DisclaimerI currently work for AWS as a Senior Developer Advocate for Serverless based in the UK and working in EMEA.Opinions expressed in this blog are mine and may or may not reflect the opinions of my employer .	Why the Serverless and re : Invent 2017 stories matter to you
A hernia repair is about the simplest surgery out there , but that information did n’t lessen the waiting room panic of two parents waiting for our six-month old to wake up from surgery . As soon as the receptionist opened the doors to the recovery ward , we knew our son was fine . Well , maybe not fine , but very much alive , because he was screaming at a volume we ’d never heard before . The nurses assured me that my son just needed to breastfeed after overnight fasting . After a fruitless attempt , he was still screaming and both of us were crying , so the nurses relented and gave him fentanyl . We took home a groggy but comfortable child an hour later.When he needed a second repair two years later , we were prepared . We discussed our son ’s previous pain management problem , and were reassured things would go more smoothly this time . One of the surgical fellows had gone to medical school with my husband , and our friend and neighbor , a pediatric anesthesiologist , spoke with my son ’s anesthesiology team . But the end result was nearly identical , except this time there was a two and a half year old capable of throwing himself off a bed and further injuring himself.My own experience with pain management has mirrored my son ’s . I ’ve woken up when I was supposed to be sedated . When I was in labor my first epidural did n’t take . When I needed a root canal , it took four rounds of anesthesia to avoid white-hot pain.In all of these cases , the doctors failed to account for my son ’s and my red hair.That ’s the claim made by dentists , surgeons , anesthesiologists , and my mother ( also a redhead ) . The redhead anesthetia connection is so well known within the redheaded community that it is an unsourced claim in Jacky Colliss Harvey ’s otherwise densely-sourced book Red : A History of the Redhead : Redheads feel more pain than do blonds or brunettes . Or rather , we feel the same amount of pain much more acutely , and thus require much more anesthesia to knock us out — 20 percent more being the rule of thumb among anesthetists and surgeons I have spoken to . There is as you might imagine much discussion as to why this should be , how much it varies from redhead to redhead , whether some forms of pain ( thermal , for example ) are better or worse tolerated by redheads , and which and what anesthetic drugs are thus contraindicated.Harvey ’s claims appear to stem from research in the early 2000s into redheads ’ tolerance for pain and/or resistance to anesthesia . In 2004 , researchers conducted a pair of studies drawing a link between the MC1R gene ( which is responsible for red hair ) and increased sensitivity to pain and/or decreased sensitivity to anesthesia . The first study tested sensitivity to general anesthesia , and concluded that redheaded women required more desflurane than dark-haired women . The second study tested sensitivity to local anesthesia , and found that after receiving lidocaine , redheaded women experienced more thermal pain than dark-haired women . In 2009 , the same research group found increased dental-care anxiety in redheads , which they hypothesized was related to either pain tolerance or lowered susceptibility to anesthesia.The overall conclusion underlying these studies is that redheads ’ mutated MC1R gene ( which supplies the red hair ) also leads to increased sensitivity to pain and decreased sensitivity to anesthetics . These studies led to stories with headlines such as “ The Pain of Being a Redhead ” and “ Why Surgeons Dread Redheads , ” the comments section of which were loaded with thankful responses from redheads who saw their pain being acknowledged . Our pain ’s not in our heads . It ’s in our genetics.Except that it might not be.In 2012 , researchers testing different types of anesthesia cast doubt on the original conclusions about redheads , the MC1R gene , and anesthesia requirement . One group confirmed that redheads and non-redheads with MC1R mutations both experienced higher levels of dental anxiety , but found no difference in inferior alveolar nerve block efficacy . In that same year , a different group of researchers found no link between mutations in the MC1R gene and pain tolerance.What might account for such different conclusions about the link between red hair and anesthesia response ? It might be just the mention of red hair.As Harvey ’s book makes clear , redheads stick out . Throughout history , redheads have been ascribed with attributes ( tempestuous , passionate , etc . ) , and those stereotypes have endured to our modern time . Those attributes have become a sort of self-fulfilling prophecy . Listen to someone call you impulsive or fiery or short-fused often enough and perhaps that ’s how you ’ll react.If you are an anesthesiologist recalling your most difficult cases , it would be unsurprising if some of your brightest-haired patients were more memorable than others . There is already a long historical precedent for stereotyping redheads as “ other , ” and it is possible that surgeons ’ and anesthesiologists ’ initial conjectures about redheads and anesthesia were just one more form of that stereotyping . Redheads stuck out to anesthesiologists and surgeons as patients who needed more anesthesia , which prompted initial studies looking for a reason redheads needed more anesthesia.Those studies also drew attention to red hair , which may have created a confounding variable . The authors of the 2005 study of redheads and lidocaine identified a possible limitation of their work : neither the researchers nor the subjects were blind to hair color . As a result , the researchers could not exclude “ bias on the part of the investigators or evaluate the extent to which our bias may have influenced participants ’ responses . ” If their hair had been a subject of lore and constant public comment since birth , might the participants already be likely to “ know ” they were supposed to feel pain differently than others ? Could that cultural knowledge have impacted their pain responses ? It ’s possible that redheads are not genetically predisposed to feel more pain , but that they feel more pain because they have been assumed to have more pain.The most recent research into hair color and pain tolerance may be more definitive than previous work because , unlike the volunteers in previous studies who knew they were being tested for pain and/or anesthesia response , its subjects were already visiting the hospital for another purpose . Because the subjects were patients already scheduled for surgery , it ’s less likely that any single question — about use of chemical hair dye , for example — would alert enrollees to the aim of the study.There are many ways to explain my son ’s and my anesthesia responses . Perhaps my son just experiences more pain than typical pediatric surgery patients . The effects of anesthesia might wear off more quickly for him . It ’s possible his pain had nothing to do with him at all , and is more likely a result of the drug protocol at the hospital where he had his surgeries . Perhaps my son just received a low dose of pain medication because that particular surgical team or that particular hospital is cautious with pain management , preferring the pain to other riskier side effects of anesthesia . There are probably a dozen other explanations , any of them at least as plausible than his hair color.The same goes for me . It ’s possible that my dentist was just dismissing my pain . He was , after all , calling me “ dear ” and telling me I should feel fine , which suggests my pain may have been less about my hair than his practice . I hope it was my hair causing that explanation , because otherwise I ’m seeing red ( there ’s that fiery temper for you ) .	Redheads feel more pain . Except when they do n’t .
All for one , and … Remember when we all decided to combat the image Twitter has as a hellscape of vitriolic intolerance by agreeing to all join hands and simultaneously tweet a bunch of ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ in a display of universal love and then we laughed awkwardly when we realized we had to stop holding hands to actually hit “ tweet ” but some people thought they ’d be funny and tape their phone to their shoulder and use their nose but they kept missing the tweet button and it was cold out and their noses were running and so they were pushing their noses through a bunch of mucus and their screens got pretty disgusting and THEN they decided to use their hands and expected the people next to them to hold their hand after THAT ? so those disgusting pigs were kicked out and then there were the IFTTT wise guys who set up something to automatically tweet at the appointed time but the idea was we were all supposed to do it together as a sign of unity not by programming it to be done or else we could have sent a bunch of robots to hold hands and they said yeah , how is tweeting going for you while holding hands , idiot ? and then that guy came running up to join the line out of breath because he had engine trouble and said , “ Man , I hate that truck ” but people thought he said “ Trump ” and they yelled “ Libtard ! ” and an hour later the three people still standing raced to post the carnage on Snapchat ? That was weird , huh?All for one , and … They will never take our Twitter !	The Day Twitter Came Together
A REBOOT of Sabrina the Teenage Witch has been picked up by Netflix for a two-season order . The comic-book show , which will work as a dark version of the 90s series fans know and love , will run for at least twenty episodes . It will serve as a companion to the teen-drama Riverdale , which is also based on the Archie comic book series that features Sabrina . The series is currently in pre-production , and is yet to be given an official name after it was originally put-forward to US channel The CW under the name The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina . According to Variety , the series is described as being “ tonally in the vein of horror classics like Rosemary ’s Baby and The Exorcist ” . So not quite what viewers are used to seeing of the character from the Nickelodeon series that ran from 1998-2003 . Getty - ContributorThey added : " ( It ) will see Sabrina wrestling to reconcile her dual nature as a half-witch , half-mortal , while standing against the evil forces that threaten her , her family , and the daylight world humans inhabit . " Sabrina is currently one of the few characters from the comic books that has n’t appeared in Riverdale , with Archie , Jughead and the gang all being present and correct in the teen drama series . The series has proven to be a success story for both the CW and the online streaming service , which has taken the show internationally in a deal that sees new episodes uploaded just 24 hours after it airs in the US . Young viewers discovering and catching up on the first season over the summer by binging on Netflix is credited at least in part with Riverdale ‘ s strong ratings performance when it returned for its second season . It is believed the series was snapped up by Netflix as the CW chose to focus on the reboot of another 90s witch series , Charmed . Got a story ? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 0207 782 4220	Sabrina The Teenage Witch reboot definitely being made as Netflix make a two-season order
President Trump on Saturday hailed the passage of a sweeping tax reform bill through the Senate in the early hours of the morning , calling it “ one of the big nights ” and predicting Democratic opposition would “ cost them very big ” in midterm elections next year . Critics warned , however , that the bill was a shameless giveaway to lobbyists , corporations and the wealthy that would hurt ordinary Americans and push up the national debt . After nine months of stumbles and setbacks , the vote put Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress on the verge of their first major legislative victory . The first major overhaul of America ’s tax code in more than 30 years will pave the way for a $ 1.5 tn reduction in tax bills , permanently slash the corporate tax rate by nearly half , to 20 % from 35 % , and also offer temporary cuts to individual tax rates . Congress ’s own analysts say it will come at huge cost to the public purse , adding around $ 1tn to the national deficit . But Republicans who for years have demanded fiscal restraint rejected those numbers to push the bill through . The New York Times was utterly damning in an editorial , describing the bill as a “ looting of the public purse by corporations and the wealthy ” , which it said showed that “ Republican leaders ’ primary goal is to enrich the country ’s elite at the expense of everybody else , including future generations who will end up bearing the cost ” . The bill also tacked on some highly controversial Republican goals , including opening the Arctic national wildlife refuge to drilling for oil , and is widely seen as a backdoor attack on the Affordable Care Act . It ends one of the key provisions of the ACA , the personal mandate , which forces healthy Americans to buy health insurance or face tax penalties . Without it insurers face a pool of older , more vulnerable customers , and the resulting rise in premiums is expected to mean 13 million Americans will lose health coverage within a decade . The bill was hurried through the Senate in the early hours of Saturday , without even time for opposition senators to read it , much less for analysts to cost out the last-minute changes needed to secure the slim 51-49 majority that passed it . “ The Republicans have managed to take a bad bill and make it worse , ” said the Senate Democratic leader , Chuck Schumer . “ Under the cover of darkness and with the aid of haste , a flurry of last-minute changes will stuff even more money into the pockets of the wealthy and the biggest corporations . ” Some of the amendments had been scrawled on to the 500-page draft by hand , and several seemed to have little to do with taxes . Adding to Democrats ’ outrage , they got first glimpse of many changes via lobbyists , who had seen the bill before them and sent on photographs . But they were powerless to stop it , because Republicans used a procedural rule that meant they needed only a simple majority in the chamber to pass the bill . Final-hour concessions brought all but one of the Republican rebels on board . Bob Corker of Tennessee , the lone hold-out , voted against the bill because of concerns about its impact on the national debt . He described himself ruefully as a “ dinosaur on the fiscal issues ” , a relic from the days when his party made deficit reduction a core political goal . Midterm elections next year proved a helpful spur for Republican leaders in both the House and Senate trying to rally support for the reforms . Donors have been calling for action on one of Trump ’s main campaign pledges , to “ restore ” American competitiveness . Legislators are wary of going into a campaign without a single major achievement to show for nearly a year of Republican control of both Congress and the White House . And most analysis of the bill suggests it will provide a rapid boost to overall economic growth , likely to appeal to any politician facing re-election . “ We have an opportunity now to make America more competitive , to keep jobs from being shipped offshore and to provide substantial relief to the middle class , ” said Mitch McConnell , the Republican leader in the Senate . Trump was in New York on Saturday to attend fundraising events . Speaking at the Cipriani restaurant on 42nd Street , he said : “ We got no Democrat help and I think that ’s going to cost them very big in the election because basically they voted against tax cuts . And I do n’t think politically it ’s good to vote against tax cuts . ” The reform is not quite over its final hurdle . There are substantial differences with the bill passed by the House of Representatives , ranging from the Arctic drilling to whether individual tax cuts will expire , and the fate of tax credits for student loans . A committee will be tasked with melding the two , and the resulting bill will be presented to Trump . Having tweeted that he is looking forward to signing the changes into law “ before Christmas ” , on the morning after the vote said he expected rapid progress . “ Something beautiful is going to come out of that mixer , ” he told reporters . “ People are going to be very , very happy . They ’re going to get tremendous , tremendous tax cuts and tax relief , and that ’s what this country needs . ” This article originally appeared on The Guardian	Trump says opposing tax cuts will cost Democrats ' very big ' in midterms
Romeo Dallaire delivers his opening remarks on the role of the media in the Rwanda Genocide and beyond.The entirety of Dallaire ’s opening address can be viewed live via our Facebook pageDallaire , 71 , was Force Commander of the United Nations Assistance Mission in Rwanda prior to and during the 1994 genocide . He has since authored three books detailing the human cost of that genocide and other cases of mass atrocity . Powerless to intervene and stop the bloodshed that ultimately took more than 800,000 lives in less than 100 days , Dallaire has been emotionally tormented by the genocide . Diagnosed with PTSD , he was medically released from the Canadian Army in 2000 . Dallaire has since devoted much of his energy to ending the recruitment and use of child soldiers . A member of the Canadian Senate from 2005 – 2014 , Dallaire has been a visiting lecturer at several universities and has pursued research on the use of child soldiers in hostile enviornments . He resigned his position as a Canadian Senator to devote his energy to The Romeo Dallaire Child Soldiers Initiative at Dalhousie University in Halifax.Dallaire remains an outspoken advocate for human rights and the prevention of mass atrocities . He comes to the roundtable as part of his ongoing mission to bring national and international attention to situations too-often ignored.Dallaire addressed panellists and attendees on Saturday , Dec. 2 at 8:30 a.m.Photo : Liam Harrap	I learned early on that the media can be an exceptionally effective weapon if you want to use it .
WE ’VE all gotten used to Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge ’s hands-off attitude towards public affection … but Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are very different . The newly-engaged lovebirds are n’t shy to hold hands while out and about , in stark contrast to Wills and Kate , who have always steered well clear of any PDA . Getty - Contributor But there ’s a reason why the brothers have such a different attitude towards getting touchy-feely … and it ’s not all down to Royal protocol . Etiquette expert Myka Meier told People magazine that Harry and Meghan ’s back-rubbing and hand-holding may be related to how recently they got engaged . She said : “ While Prince Harry and Meghan holding hands is atypical for royal engagements , it is a seemingly welcomed gesture to show unity and celebration of their engagement period . “ There is no protocol that says they can not show affection on official engagements , and this gesture makes them relatable and lovable to the public . ” AFP or licensors There ’s another factor in the mix too , besides the fact that Harry , currently fifth in line to the throne , has only just announced his big news . The way Royals behave in public can depend on what kind of event they are at . More serious , sombre events are unlikely to see any hand-holding , while breezier events like Harry and Meghan ’s current tour of Britain , are more appropriate settings for PDA . So far , we have n’t seen the loved-up couple appear at any serious events , so this could go some way to explaining their hands-on approach . There is , of course , another possible explanation : the pair are just touchy-feely people – and wo n’t let anything come in the way of that . Etiquette expert Myka added : “ While we are much less likely to see The Duke and Duchess holding hands in public , we often see Prince Charles and The Duchess of Cornwall holding hands . “ It ’s all simply a matter of preference for each couple and is also likely dependent on the nature of the event they are attending . “ A more serious engagement would warrant a more serious level of professionalism , which each royal is sure to follow . ” AFP and Licensors We ’ve got heaps more on the happy couple as the dust settles on their engagement . Earlier in the week , we exclusively revealed that Princess Diana would have adored Meghan Markle , according to a former aide to the Royals . We also revealed the royal expert ’s prediction that Harry will have a “ riotous ” stag do … but he ’ll have to behave if he does n’t want to distract from the big day .	Here ’s why Harry and Meghan hold hands in public but Wills and Kate do n’t and it ’s not all down to protocol
We ’ve all been on social media long enough to notice different trends and themes , and here ’s my take on one of them.As 2017 rolled in , I noticed a large wave of inspirational image posts popping up , mainly in my Instagram feed . This was most likely caused by the influx of returning users , grasping at motivational straws in hopes of keeping up with their slightly overwhelming New Year ’s resolutions.This is the point of which I had stumbled upon a whole new niche on Instagram — motivational pages.They were these simple ( barebone ) accounts that posted short quotes or sayings every morning . I assumed their goal was to brighten up their follower ’s day , or to give them something to think about while mindlessly scrolling through their feed . The idea was very sweet . Though , in my eyes , the quality of the posts was n’t anything special . Frankly , most of them were probably made on a free app . They would use awkward to read fonts with the oddest choice of backgrounds , which I could only classify as a new form of ‘ abstract art ’ . If you ’re struggling with visualizing what I ’m talking about , take a look at this : So , after being exposed to enough of these images , I concluded that the only proper way to move forward , was to start making them myself!I though , I ca n’t beat ’em , I ’ll join ‘ em.Of course , I was n’t planning on making them via apps or anything reminiscent ‘ freeonlinequotemaker.org.co.com ’ . After spending some time picking something witty for my first post , and sourcing a fitting image from unsplash.com I went ahead an booted up Photoshop . Since I usually keep note of any good quote I see , I already had a library ready for this kind of occasion . On the visual side of things , I really wanted to focus on bringing the text out , so that anybody on any phone , or other screen , can clearly read it . Without going in-depth about the process of formatting and type , I can confidently say that I was quite happy with the results . I rushed ahead to make my first post , and was met with a surprising amount of positive feedback.Thanks to some extra features you get when you turn your IG account into a business one , I could gauge how many people my posts were impacting . From the comments and general response I was getting , I had decided that the results were enough for me to continue to make more content . And although there ’s been more than my fair share of slacking off , I ’m still quite glad that I started this project when I did.Over the course of this project , I ’ve learned a lot about how people interact with their social feeds . There ’s obviously a lot of ‘ competition ’ in our digital haven , and I now understand that you really have to be active 25 hours a week if you want to stay relevant online.I ’m just pleased that I did n’t get sucked into the abyss of hunting for likes or follows , and that hopefully , I managed to brighten at least one person ’s day.Blurred out the original poster ’s name	Standing Out While Still Posting the Same
LIVE Montreal More Streams Not one gram of legal cannabis has yet been sold in Quebec , but municipalities in the province are already clamouring for their share of tax revenues from its sale . Once pot is legal , as of July 2018 , the Quebec government wants more than one half of the tax revenues generated by the sale of cannabis . Quebec municipalities want one third . Legalization will entail additional costs for municipalities , according to Alexandre Cusson , the new president of Quebec 's union of municipalities ( UMQ ) . Given that , he said , they should receive a proportional share of the proceeds . Is Quebec missing out on the marijuana boom ? " We think the adequate and equitable share would be one that gives a third of cannabis tax revenues to each level of government — federal , provincial and municipal , " Cusson said Friday at a UMQ board meeting in Montreal . Police training , which could cost up to $ 10,000 per trained police officer according to Cusson , is just one of the costs related to pot legalization for municipalities . Quebec government reveals details of marijuana bill Legalization will also entail additional costs for urban planning , municipal courts and land use , he said . For Montreal Mayor Valérie Plante , law enforcement 's preparedness is key . " We need to make sure the police , the SPVM ( Montreal police ) , among others , are able to manage the impacts [ of cannabis legalization ] , " Plante said . Leases affected by pot legalization , UMQ says Municipal housing regulations may also have to be adapted to deal with legalization , said Cusson , who is also the mayor of Drummondville . He gave an example : if cannabis were used in social housing where children were present , parents could be unhappy at having their children exposed to the substance . They may not be able to move elsewhere due to lack of funds . ' We 're absolutely not ready ' : Quebec 's pot bill concerns Indigenous communities " There are leases that have already been signed , and those leases do not refer to cannabis , " he said . It 's unclear if it will be possible to reopen these leases , or if the provincial and federal laws that will be adopted will cover these types of situations . These topics will be on the agenda on Tuesday , when the UMQ will address the subject during a parliamentary committee hearing in Quebec City . First medical , then recreational : Montreal marijuana plant opens	Quebec municipalities vying for one third of pot tax revenues
A Pennsylvania man shot a massive 20-point buck with a crossbow , a feat even he admits will be hard to top . Chris Radney , a truck driver from Canton , Pennsylvania , took down the buck on Nov. 10 . He says he did n't want to go hunting that day because of the unseasonably cold temperatures , but his 13-year-old son convinced him to go out . Radney and his son hunted from a ground blind on a friend 's farm . He had his eye on another buck that was hanging around some does when the giant stepped out . " When he came in the field , he dominated everything . It was something like I ’d never seen before , " Radney said . " We had no trouble seeing horns , even at 200 yards with my bare eye . The smaller one was messing with us all night . We were all jacked up about that one and then this one came across the lane . I do n’t know if it was the cold or buck fever , but we were shaking pretty bad . " Read more : Dog shoots hunter after man leaves shotgun on ground Read more : Why this deer disease could change the way Americans hunt forever Read more : Watch this friendly 8-point buck walk up to a deer hunter . ( Spoiler : Everyone lives ) Radney maintained his composure long enough to make a solid shot at about 50 yards . He got nervous again when the blood trail started to peter out , but he eventually located his prize . The buck sported 20 antler points and was green scored at a whopping 188 inches . " Everybody tells me I need to quit hunting now , but I do n’t think that ’s going to happen , " he said . " From now on , it will have to be a pretty big buck for me to consider shooting . "	Pennsylvania hunter shoots monster 20-point buck with crossbow
Ten-man Tottenham Hotspur stopped the rot with a 1-1 draw at Watford on Saturday but this result did little to revive an already faltering Premier League title bid.Christian Kabasele 's early opener for Watford was cancelled out by Son Heung-Min 's equaliser in the first half . But Davinson Sanchez 's red card moments into the second second period changed the course of this game . Spurs were pegged back but to settle for a draw , meaning they 've now won just two points out of a possible 12 . This result might have halted a run of three successive away defeats , but Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino will have been frustrated by a share of the spoils.With Tottenham having already lost four league games , as many as they did throughout the whole of last season to all but end their Premier League title hopes , they could ill-afford another setback at Vicarage Road . An on-out-of-sorts Spurs had never previously lost to Watford in eight previous Premier League meetings and they would keep that unbeaten record intact . But Watford will be wondering just how the match ended in a draw . Kabasele had made an important block to deny Harry Kane early on but the Belgian defender made another telling contribution at the other end of the pitch to head Watford into a 13th minute lead . Tom Cleverley 's corner saw Kabasele escape from his marker to nod home beyond Spurs goalkeeper Hugo Lloris . Pochettino , despite his side 's poor recent run , might have taken some comfort from Watford 's home form against other leading Premier League clubs . For all they beat Arsenal 2-1 , Watford have leaked 13 goals against Liverpool , Manchester City and Manchester United . And that tally increased when Watford were opened up all too easily for Spurs ' equalising goal.Christian Eriksen beat the offside trap and his cross was perfectly weighted for Son to slot home home in the 25th minute . Abdoulaye Doucoure fired just past the far post in the 37th minute and Watford continued to pose a threat , with Richarlison causing Spurs all kinds of problems . Another burst forward from the Brazilian saw him contribute towards Sanchez 's early exit in the 52nd minute , with the Colombian meeting his fellow South American with a raised forearm . Watford wanted a red card while Pochettino pleaded the case for Sanchez 's defence . Eventually , referee Martin Atkinson showed Sanchez a red card , deeming the elbow was intentional , in a decision which had a big impact on the outcome of this game . Doucoure met Cleverley 's corner but his 25-yard shot bounced off the inside post and agonisingly out . It was a major escape for Spurs , who had really gone into their shell , with Watford now dominating as a result of their numerical advantage.Watford were piling forward with Etienne Capoue forcing Lloris into a routine save from distance . And the Hornets finished the more frustrated of the two side.A handball shout against Spurs ' Eric Dier was waved away moments before the final whistle , with Atkinson booed off by both sets of supporters at full-time .	Spurs stumble in Watford draw
I woke late this morning to a pattern of sunlight on my bedroom wall . Warm stripes of hope slipped through the blinds in what felt like an attempt to penetrate the darkness that had descended in the wake of last night ’s humiliatingly undemocratic display in the United States Senate.Loosing a quick battle with my instinct toward self-preservation , I reached over , grabbed the phone from bed and started reading the barrage of devastating headlines and snippets of internet commentary I already knew would be there , having stayed up too late last night unable to stop following the breaking news of the Senate vote on the Tax Bill.And I could n’t help but wonder : Do they feel any shame this morning ? Seeing the wake of fear and desperation their middle of the night theft of the middle class is already causing , I mean , can they actually feel good about this?Is this current crop of Republicans proud of their cynical , middle-of-the-night gift to corporations and the richest of the rich of their donors at the expense of future generations?Are they happy that their actions will spark unrest in the insurance industry and cause 13 million people to loose their health insurance?And do they legitimately feel good NOW about that Citizens United ruling ? That huge step in the unraveling of our democracy that has inextricably bound their political futures to the explicit goals of their corporate overlords , and unmoored them from addressing the needs of the American citizens for whom their jobs were literally designed to serve?Republicans it is incumbant upon you to realize : You are transparently playing the role of the bad guys right now . And even my Republican friends are starting to see it . Every one of you has the chance to be the hero our democracy so desperately needs right now . We ’ve seen and applauded glimpses of heroism from John McCain and Jeff Flake , but their words all rang completely hollow with their votes of complicity last night . History is calling upon you to BE BETTER . The consequences will reach you eventually.There ’s a silver lining here , though . And it seems to be lurking , taking root and growing on a powerful , karmic level . The unprecedented turnover to near democratic control that happened recently in Virginia ’s special election was sparked by the Woman ’s March . Women who had never run for anything in their lives were inspired , less than a year ago , to do something . They mounted campaigns , and they won seats . They WON . This can happen.I am destraught by the gut punch with which they hit the middle class , and I ’m admittedly feeling fear about what will happen next as the ramifications of this bill , or whatever of it ends up being reality during the reconcilliation process . But I ’m also deeply , profoundly inspired . To action . We will not go quietly . We will keep fighting . And we , the people , will win.We must keep bending that arc of history towards justice .	A Spark of Inspiration in the Dark
CARDIFF ( UNITED KINGDOM ) ( AFP ) - New Zealander Hadleigh Parkes enjoyed a dream debut for Wales on Saturday , his brace of tries handing his adopted country a 24-22 win , and third successive home victory , over South Africa.Parkes , 30 , was named at inside centre on the very day he qualified for Wales after serving three years of residency and the Kiwi farmboy produced a strong-running and skilful display as Wales looked like they might squander an 11-point half-time lead . " It 's been amazing . A dream come true , " man-of-the-match Parkes told BBC . " To be able to get a meat pie ( try ) and score a double on your debut is very special so I 'm very happy . " The victory meant Wales finished the autumn series with two wins , their scrappy triumph over Georgia sandwiched between defeats by Australia and New Zealand . " We wanted to finish 2017 off for the fans , " said Wales skipper Alun Wyn Jones . " We had two good halves against Australia and New Zealand and we had a purple patch from the first whistle but we managed to finish on a high . " We 're disappointed with some of the results , but we 're looking to change things and come back stronger next year . " But question marks will surely be raised over the future of Allister Coetzee , who has led South Africa to wins over France and Italy over the last two weekends , but whose side have gone down to record defeats by Ireland and the All Blacks . " We 're very disappointed , " admitted ' Bok flanker Siya Kolisi . " The way we started today was n't good enough and we did n't have the patience . We have to be more disciplined at the end of the game and not make silly mistakes . We have to be better than this next year . " The match at the Principality Stadium came to life after five minutes , Northampton-bound fly-half Dan Biggar twice pulling the strings to great effect.Firstly winger Hallam Amos latched on to an inch-perfect crosskick from the fly-half and cut back inside Springbok full-back Andries Coetzee before offloading to Scott Williams , who had a simple run in.No sooner had the restart been gathered than Biggar put in a deft chip behind a flat ' Bok defence which Parkes scooped up to slide over for a second five-pointer . Halfpenny converted the two tries and Welsh tails were up although the South African scrum looked by far the more dominant . - No cigar for Marx - South Africa 's fly-half Handre Pollard spurned a shot at the posts after Wales strayed offside , and a devastating driving maul off clean line-out ball saw Malcolm Marx crash over in the corner , only for French referee Jerome Garces to harshly call an unclear grounding.Pollard eventually got the visitors on the scoreboard on the half-hour mark with a penalty after Josh Navidi went high in the tackle . But any threat of an immediatate comeback was shortlived as Biggar charged down a clearance kick , Taulupe Faletau seized the ball and flung a pass back inside to Parkes who went in for his second try.Another intercept and Biggar put in a kick chase , but Dillyn Leyds was given all the time in the world , the winger setting off on a mazy run before finding Jesse Kriel , the centre putting in a perfectly-weighted grubber that debutant Warrick Gelant dotted down ahead of the covering Aled Davies.Pollard converted to make it 21-10 at half-time and the ' Boks opened the second period seemingly focused on less chaotic rugby and with a gameplan based around their powerful forwards led magnificently by go-to hit-up man Steven Kitshoff.The pressure told , Pollard crashing over after several phases of drives close to the Welsh line.With Wales tight-head Scott Andrews , in his first Test since 2013 , targeted in the scrum , the ' Boks played it tight , eventually freeing Kriel , who powered through Halfpenny for a try Pollard converted from the touchline to hand the Springboks a 22-21 lead.But Halfpenny booted a penalty for the home side to regain the lead with 12 minutes to play . A raft of replacements broke the tempo of the game and Wales desperately held out for a much-needed victory which had looked a lot more academic at half-time . by Luke PHILLIPS	Parkes at the double as Wales edge South Africa
saw off Arsenal 3-1 in Saturday ’s breathless encounter at the Emirates . The visitors went two up early in the first half , only for the Gunners to pull one back in the second . A string of gilt-edged chances flowed at both ends , though it was United that proved the more clinical , netting a decisive third just past the hour . José Mourinho ’s men made a brilliant start to the match , breaking the deadlock within five minutes of the first whistle . A swift one-two between Paul Pogba and Antonio Valencia bought sufficient space for the latter to pull the trigger , his low shot from the right side of the box passing all too easily beneath Petr Čech and into the back of the net . A classic Arsenal defensive calamity came six minutes later , when centre-back Shkodran Mustafi was caught in possession by the tenacious Jesse Lingard . What followed was a superb United counter , culminating in a delightful flick from Anthony Martial and dead-eyed finish by Lingard , the ball bouncing home off the inside of Čech ’s post . However , if the game ’s first few minutes were plain sailing for United , the remainder of the half was anything but . Arsenal managed to create a string of good goalscoring chances , with Alexandre Lacazette twice drawing saves from David de Gea , and Granit Xhaka driving a powerful shot off the woodwork . Suffice to say , United were lucky to carry their two-goal advantage into the break . Alas , that advantage did n't last long into the second half , with Arsenal pulling one back within five minutes of the restart . A brilliant chipped pass by Alexis Sánchez was cushioned by Aaron Ramsey into the path of Lacazette , and the Frenchman made no mistake from point-blank range . The goal triggered a flurry of chances at both ends , with a Nacho Monreal block preventing Martial from restoring United ’s two-goal cushion before Alex Iwobi drew a smart stop from de Gea . The Spaniard was further forced into a couple of genuinely world class saves minutes later , diving low to his right to deny Lacazette and then Sánchez on the rebound . It was a wonder only three goals had been scored . United seemed to be clinging on , but their persistent threat on the counter-attack told when Lingard sealed his brace just past the hour . Pogba turned provider for the second time in the match , shrugging off Koscielny before squaring for his teammate to tap home . Lingard ’s now scored three in his last two matches , and is seriously staking a claim to keep Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Juan Mata out of Mourinho 's starting lineup . The Emirates crowd were unsurprisingly left deflated by United ’s third , though the Gunners were given renewed hope with just over a quarter-hour left . Pogba 's intervention on Héctor Bellerín was sufficiently violent to earn him an early bath , and leave a series of stud marks on the the Spaniard 's thigh . He could have no complaints . Mourinho reacted swiftly to the sending off , reinforcing United ’s defence with the introduction of Matteo Darmian in place of the impressive Lingard . Arsenal dominated possession and bombarded United ’s box for the remainder , but there was no way back for the Gunners .	Arsenal 1-3 Manchester United : Lingard nets brace as United win Emirates thriller
In another report confirming news that Deadline broke earlier this week , the Wall Street Journal today said the Walt Disney Co. has renewed discussions to purchase some of the assets of 21st Century Fox . The potential deal has seen both coasts buzzing all week . But momentum toward concluding any purchase allegedly has Comcast still lurking in the weeds , according to the WSJ update . 21st Century Fox and Wall Street Journal-parent News Corp share common ownership . As Deadline reported earlier , any sale by 21st Century Fox would mark a significant turn for the Murdoch empire , as 21st Century Fox has long been viewed as a potential buyer in the media industry , not a seller . Media companies across the board are considering new business models and strategic options as they confront a rapidly changing landscape , with consumers cutting the cable TV cord , big programming distributors flexing their muscles , and advertising revenue growth uncertain . The remaining elements of Murdoch ’s entertainment empire would be much smaller if an asset sale is completed . Murdoch and his family hold 39 % of 21st Century Fox voting shares and will reportedly decide by the end of the year whether any sale will move forward . The proposed deal allegedly centers on such international assets as Fox ’s 39 % holding in U.K. satellite TV provider Sky PLC and India ’s Star TV . US-based Fox News Channel , The Fox Broadcasting Co. and sports network FS1 are not expected to be part of the package . Comcast has also approached 21st Century Fox to express interest in a possible acquisition , according to reports citing people familiar with the matter . The media giant wants to explore talks to buy Fox ’s movie and TV studio , some of its cable networks , and its stakes in satellite TV provider Sky , Star India and the Hulu streaming service . As with the Disney deal , The Fox Broadcasting Co. , local television stations , Fox News Channel and Fox Sports would not be included in a possible sale . The film and TV operations at Fox and Comcast have plenty of areas of overlap , so some carve-outs or divestitures would be necessary for a deal to proceed . Disney ’s previous bid for the assets broke down over price . This week , at a company shareholder ’s meeting for Fox , co-executive chairman Lachlan Murdoch dodged a question about any sale .	Disney Renews 21st Century Fox Interest , But Comcast Still Lurking
Whistleblowers who dob-in bad behaviour by their employers to the media could get legal protection . State Services Minister Chris Hipkins said the Government planned to review New Zealand 's Protected Disclosures Act saying there was " a strong view " the 17 year-old law needed updating to keep pace with international best practice . " Over the coming months I will be working with my officials on available policy options . I will consider the next steps when this work is more advanced , " he said.A spokesman for Hipkins would not say whether whistleblowing to the media might be protected , saying it was too early to comment on the exact changes that might be considered.READ MORE But Victoria University professor Michael Macaulay forecast that was one of the issues that was likely to be canvassed . Macaulay , who has led a research project into whistleblowing with Australia 's Griffiths University , said some Australian state governments already supported whistleblowers who contacted journalists in some situations . For example , the New South Wales government protects people who contact the media if they have not had success having their honest concerns properly investigated by a relevant higher authority . That made it " the last resort , of the last resort " , Macaulay said . Hawke 's Bay secretary Deborah Houston – who blew the whistle on a conflict of interest at Hawke 's Bay District Health Board in 2006 and later lost her job – said through her husband that a dedicated agency or unit was needed to monitor whistleblowing complaints and compensate people who suffered retaliation . Houston won a personal grievance claim in relation to the fall-out from her case and also secured an apology for being secretly recorded by the DHB 's acting chief executive Ray Lind , the husband of former cabinet minister Annette King . But she suffered a heart attack and said speaking up had " destroyed her career " . It was wrong that the existing law forced people to take a personal grievance case if they suffered retaliation for whistleblowing , Houston related through her husband . " You can not rely on employment law to resolve the issue if there is retaliation . If the employer has got deep pockets , they can just blow you away . " Houston 's husband said the Ombudsman 's office had let his wife down during its investigation into the DHB matter . Had her previous advice concerning an independent agency been listened to , the scandal this year concerning the fate of public servants who flagged fraudulent activity by former Ministry of Transport boss Joanne Harrison would " probably never have happened , " she believed . The Government 's review of whistleblowing legislation comes as New Zealand businesses cop criticism from the British-based Institute of Business Ethics for a lax approach to preparing and applying codes of ethics . The institute interviewed the chief executives of 24 major businesses and said in a report published on Tuesday that their responses should be " a wake up call " . " While many of the companies support business ethics in principle , the implementation of a business ethics programme to help guide staff to do the right thing was found to be the exception rather than the rule , " the institute 's New Zealand representative Jane Arnott said . " For example , enabling employees to speak up is fundamental to risk management and reputation , but it is rarely seen in this positive light . " The previous government is understood to have been considering improvements to the Protected Disclosures Act suggested to it by the State Services Commission prior to the election , however that advice was never made public . As it stands , the law provides some safeguards to public and private sector employees who believe on reasonable grounds that " serious wrongdoing " is taking place in their workplace . Employees in that situation can take a personal grievance case against their employer if they have voiced concerns using the procedures set out by their employer and subsequently suffered for it , or – if there are no such procedures – raised the matter with the head or deputy head of their organisation . In some cases , employees can be covered for blowing the whistle to a government minister , the Ombudsman or a public body . The current legislation does not protect whistleblowers who take concerns about employers to the newspapers , although it is a tenet of professional journalists to protect the confidentiality of their sources . A 200-page report by the Victorian state government into its five-year old whistleblowing law in July said evidence showed that " a substantial proportion of whistleblowers will be mistreated , many by their own managers " . " Even whistleblowers who are not mistreated are likely to find the experience stressful , " it said . The report said the state government should investigate whether its whistleblowing law should be changed to protect some disclosures to journalists " under strict conditions , " describing that as " best practice , " but added that it had concerns . These included the risk of undermining official investigations and unfair damage being done to people 's reputations " Media standards vary and ... commercial interests to publish can override the public interest , " the report said .	Government may protect workers who dob in bad behaviour to the media
After years of delays , the first sales of medical marijuana were made in Maryland Friday . A few dispensaries in the state announced they ’ve started receiving shipments of medical marijuana supplies , while others in the state said they should be able to begin selling products in the coming days , according to the Washington Post . Low supplies led to long lines and high prices , the Post reported . However , dispensary owners expect that the price will come down as more product comes in and initial start-up costs are recovered . “ After six months , we ’ll be on par with what people will be paying in the black market . I just need my foot in the door ; I ’m not trying to gouge anybody in the first year . . . Every new market and new state starts a little bit high , ” Charlie Mattingly , who runs Southern Maryland Relief dispensary in Mechanicsville , Md. , told the Post . The first crop of legal medical marijuana began growing in the fall of 2017 , the Post reported . The state has slowly been licensing dispensaries to sell medical cannabis products .	Maryland Begins Sales of Medical Marijuana After Delays
Your ‘ need to know ’ for 2018In short : you ’re going to shut down a toxic situation which you should ’ve left years ago ( but time in ‘ Cancer years ’ has a different meaning , so we ’ll let you off your inertia ) , love is going blossom so that ’s all good too , and you ’re going to be winning at werk . High Five , Cancer ! 2018 is going to be pretty awesome . Most valuable self improvement ( Five of Swords ) Cancerians are incredibly loyal , loving and consistent . They do n’t leave the kitchen , even if they ca n’t stand the heat . But , really ? Is there something that you keep saying ‘ it ’s OK , it ’s OK ’ about , but it ’s burning , it hurts , everything is on fire … and you know why ? Because you ’re actually in Hell . For goodness sake , stop / leave / withdraw / turn away . For once , override your loyalty instinct , and do what ’s best for you . And this will be THE absolute winning move this year ! Love &amp; relationships ( Ten of Cups ) One of the nicest tarot cards for relationships , so things look very happy in this department . If you ’re partnered already , the next step could be waiting - engagement , moving in , marriage , starting a family , renewing your passion for each other etc.If you ’re single , then this year has the potential to throw the love of a lifetime into your path . Make sure you ’re not still clinging on to an old one , or you might not spot him / her . Eyes front ! Career enhancers ( King of Coins ) Someone ’s about to become a Boss ( who ? YOU ) , in more than one sense . You do n’t really shout about your talents and how hard you ’ve grafted to get here , but you ’re about to be recognised and rewarded for that . Expect promotions , appreciation , raises and celebrations at work . Things might not always go smoothly , but a new lease of confidence and self-belief will have you saying ‘ I can handle this ’ . Because you can . * For more professional tarot readings , visit Kerry 's TarotBella page Who , how and when you 'll have your best sex EVER	Cancer horoscope 2018 : Your yearly horoscope
In just his first year with the program , Lane Kiffin is now the second-winningest coach in Florida Atlantic 's history with his team 's 41 – 17 win over North Texas in the Conference USA title game . To go along with his recent Twitter confidence and trolling title , Kiffin now has another credential to add to his resume . The Owls got off to a 34 – 0 start before the Mean Green got on the board in the third quarter . Within 10 minutes , North Texas put 17 points on the board . But Florida Atlantic ( 10 – 3 ) put a stop to the attempted comeback , scoring one more touchdown in the process . Running back Devin Singletary rushed for 164 yards and three touchdowns . Singletary has a record 29 touchdowns this season . Quarterback Jason Driskel went 15 – for – 27 with 269 yards and one touchdowns . FAU beat North Texas 69 – 31 in October with a Conference USA record 804 yards . At the end of title game , however , running back John Franklin III ran the ball 68 yards for a touchdown before the ruling was overturned as a fumble . Franklin dropped the ball and started celebrating before he crossed the goal line . Franklin was the quarterback from season 1 of Netflix 's show Last Chance U. John Franklin III just dropped the ball before crossing the goal line for FAU and then celebrated a lot . Lmao pic.twitter.com/pULug3rx7o— Dr. Saturday ( @YahooDrSaturday ) December 2 , 2017 Quite the Lane Kiffin ending if you 've ever seen one . He will now wait to see if any Power 5 program will call his name to be the face of its team .	Lane Kiffin 's FAU Squad Dominated North Texas in Conference USA Title Game
the centre of maloka its interactive of cience and technology , and have a museum when phenomena , concepts , tech , and science and everydayness have in environment who change relations with the users and knowledge.count with 17.000 m2 . 10.000 exposed 8 meters of depth . its the center in latinamerica . 95 % its ahnd by colombian made . it found 200 exhibitions in 9 rooms . the subjects are : the universe , life , biodiversity in bogota bed sheet , electricity and electromagnetism , etc.the g zone its one of the places more important to bogota . the last two years have a lot of restaurants of lot of tendency . the origins of the name is the form that built and the another origins its restaurants have a refined gourmet touch.in restaurants have a lot of trends : brunch , cafes , meat , crepes , breakfast , salads , hamburguers , ice cream , grills , sandwich , desserts , pizza , and seafood . they have chinese , spanish , northamerican , french , fusion , international , italian , peruvian cook.the zone have an excelents hotels , the g zone its the better zone for tourist to assit to enjoy a espectacular food .	second part of the city of bogota
You came into the world with big ideas … You dreamt of things that you would do when you were older … And then they put clothes on you … You had not noticed your nakedness until then … And then they put invisible clothes on your character … as well … Because it seemed there was something unmanageable about you … And so you took on a personality … Completely shaped by the people around you — Parents , teachers , religious leaders , media , friends etcUnlike the clothes that you can see on your body , the invisible ones remained the same size … As you got older , your dreams reduced in size to try and fit into the clothes that you could not see but which hid you from the world — The REAL YOU , I mean … And whenever you showed yourself , even a little , you felt exposed and somehow wrong to think that you could have , be , do those things you dreamt of.You looked outside of you for approval and all you found were rules , conditions , systems that stifled youHowever , everyone lived this way and so you went along with it — your personality seemed set in stone so you accepted it even though it felt a bit misaligned … But now … Now , you are hungry for something more … For a return to your true nature … Expansive , magnificent you … But you feel guilty for wanting that more … Odd for not being satisfied with the scraps … Are you ready to take those invisible clothes off?Would you like to drop your ‘ personality ’ and remember who you really are?Lets start with this … The ‘ GO AWAY GUILT ’ free training I put together for spiritual peeps.You can listen in by registering for it , for free , at RosemaryNonnyKnight.com/goawayguiltMuch love .	When You Were A Child
New West Brom manager Alan Pardew believes he saw enough in his new side 's 0-0 draw with Crystal Palace on Saturday to suggest they will pull away from the Premier League drop zone . The Baggies sit in 17th place and are just three points ahead of Roy Hodgson 's side , who leapfrogged Swansea City and West Ham as they moved off the bottom of the table with Saturday 's draw at the Hawthorns . Hal Robson-Kanu and Jay Rodriguez missed gilt-edged chances to hand Pardew a win in his first game in charge after taking over on Wednesday , but the former Palace boss was content with the performance – if not the result . " If we work like that every week , I will be pleased , " he told BBC Sport . " We had a lot of quality not available , with injured players . We lacked a bit around the box but in terms of effort , we were very good . " We bossed the game , except for one spell . Palace are in a good place . They are difficult to break down . Having said that , we created some nice moments . Alan Pardew is now unbeaten in the opening match at his last five @premierleague clubs ... #WBA pic.twitter.com/gmLp6N 7znn — West Bromwich Albion ( @WBA ) December 2 , 2017 " Some composure and we might have won . We were really good in the second half . I 'm looking forward to working with the guys . " With Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Wilfried Zaha , you have to be on your toes . We did n't give them any opportunities . " Palace 's failure to score means they have now gone 10 top-flight away games without finding the net – the first team to do so since Manchester City in 1950 . Hodgson , however , revealed his side had endured a difficult trip and considers it a point gained , rather than two dropped . " In the build-up to the game , everything that could go wrong did go wrong , " he told BT Sport . " We spent hours on a train stuck on the tracks . We lost Scott Dann overnight and Wayne Hennessey in the warm-up . The scenario could n't have been much worse . " But I 'm really pleased with the way we played and it was a well-deserved and valuable point . "	Pardew confident despite goalless draw in first game
For far too long , girls have been pushed away from STEM subjects , deterring millions of inspired women from taking over the tech industry . That stops now.After a day filled with empowerment and actionable solutions to closing the gender gap within the tech industry , Nina Rush addressed the #WeAreTechWomen audience at Plexal.We need technology careers in the future.Whilst working for PwC , a study was undertaken in early 2017 that found at A-Level 83 % of boys study a STEM subject , compared to 64 % of girls . At degree level this falls even further , to 54 % of boys and just 30 % of girls.Nina was keen to point out that technologists do not have to study a STEM subject ; she started her own career as an accountant . However , education is one of the reasons for why the gender gap is still apparent within the tech industry.If only one extra girl had put her hand up , it would have been a success.Delivering a speech at the Science Museum to 100 girls aged 12 to 14 , Nina was taken aback by a quick survey that showed less than 5 girls said that they wanted to be a technologist when they grew up.However , after a day in which Nina herself , along with other guest speakers , talked about what a career in tech is really like , the same survey was partaken . To her delight , nearly every girl in the room now said that they had changed their mind.If schools do n’t teach technology , how can we expect to move forwards?Nina suggested 3 ideas to try and close the gender gap.A campaign is needed to let girls know that they can change the world with technology — they just need to get involved.The curriculum needs to be changed . Simply teaching students how to create a PowerPoint slideshow is not enough to inspire people.We need to teach the teachers how to teach technology . PwC are sending mentors out to schools and creating guides , but more must be done.Let ’s make a difference , let ’s change the world.It ’s events such as #WeAreTechWomen that are so important in getting this message across . The gender gap needs to be shut — and we can do it together.Written by ACG for WeAreTechWomen.Contact press@abedincg.com for further enquiries .	A Change in Education is the First Step to Closing the Gender Gap
IAIN Lee is known for his quick wit and razor sharp sense of humour . Getty - ContributorWho is Iain Lee ? Iain Lee , 44 , was born June 9 , 1973 and is an English comedian , TV and radio star . His career began when he performed stand-up comedy across venues in London . Iain has become a familiar face on TV and hosted shows including The 11 O'Clock Show ( 1998 ) , and RI : SE ( 2002 ) . He is also a well known voice on the radio , and has had shows on LBC and Absolute . He currently presents The Late Night Alternative show on talkRADIO . Rex FeaturesHow tall is Iain Lee and who 's his wife ? Iain is a big guy , measuring 6ft 3 " . He is married to Helena and has two children aged seven and five . Iain did n't tell his children that he was going into the jungle for fear of the news spreading around the playground ! When is Iain going on I 'm a Celebrity ? A source said : " Iain is n't afraid to speak his mind . “ He regularly rants and raves on his TalkRadio show and his listeners should expect the same from him in the jungle . " He 's very much in the mould of Danny Baker , who was also a late arrival last year . “ He will not bite his tongue and is sure to break the harmonious camp 's current mood very quickly . “ Expect fireworks . " 2017 Andrew BengeWhen is I ’m A Celebrity back on TV ? I ’m A Celebrity 2017 returns tonight on ITV at 9.10 pm . The show usually runs for three weeks . Campmates are whittled down with daily eliminations which start after the first week . You can catch up with any missed episodes on ITV Hub .	Who is Iain Lee ? I ’m A Celebrity 2017 star , comedian and talkRADIO host
Veganism &amp; Everett Rogers ’ Innovation Adoption CurveOver 40 years ago , Saudi Oil Minister Sheikh Ahmed Zaki Yamani said “ the Stone Age did n’t end for lack of stones , and the Oil Age will end long before the world runs out of oil . ” Today , the combustion engine is still with us , but it ’s well on the path to obsolescence . Not because we ran out of oil , but because electricity is simply a superior technology . Likewise , the animal agriculture industry is bound to fade away , not because we can no longer farm animals , but because we have discovered better , cleaner , healthier , kinder ways to satisfy our needs.But what makes some people adopt new ideas more quickly than others ? What causes an idea to generate enough momentum to become mainstream ? In 1962 , sociologist Everett Rogers set out to explain these phenomena in his landmark book “ Diffusion of Innovation , ” which is now in its fifth printing . Even if you have n’t read the book , chances are you have run across his innovation adoption curve , seen here : Chances are , even if you have n’t seen this curve , you ’re familiar with the concepts involved . Our everyday lexicon is peppered with references to “ early adopters ” and the “ late majority . ” Malcolm Gladwell even seized on the idea when writing his best-seller “ The Tipping Point ” , which explored how ideas go viral in the early adopter phase ( something we ’ll explore in greater depth in part 2 ) . But the basic idea is that there is an innovation adoption curve that begins relatively flat , with a small percentage of “ innovators . ” This group changes depending on the innovation under discussion . But , generally , they are people who are bold and unafraid to adopt new ideas that have n’t been fully tested . They do n’t mind taking on the extra costs being “ first ” to follow a new path often entails.Think of the people who bought Tesla Roadsters when electric cars were barely a thing , or stood in line to buy the first iPhone . Early technologies are often expensive and disjointed in comparison with later iterations . Hence , there is often a chasm between those willing to take a risk on new ideas , and those who prefer to stick with the tried and true.Video from ModVegan : Veganism &amp; The Innovation Adoption CurveWhy the Adoption Curve Matter for VeganismMy vision of vegan world is one in which our planet ceases to use animals for food , clothing and entertainment because we have found infinitely better alternatives . The future is vegan . But how long it takes for that future to arrive will depend on a number of factors . Not least among these is the rate at which people adopt veganism as a lifestyle.Currently , estimates vary , but vegans likely represent 2 % or more of the population in the developed world . This number has been growing exponentially in many countries , with the number of US vegans growing over 600 % in 3 years to 6 % of the population . Vegans made up 4 % of Israel ’s population back in 2014 , and stands at over 5 % today ( with an additional 8 % leaning that direction ) . People who are going vegan today tend to fit squarely into the early part of the bell curve shown above . They are innovators and early adopters who are passionate about change and eager to evangelize about their lifestyle . I believe veganism is just beginning to cross over from being a squarely “ innovator ” focused lifestyle , to one that can appeal to the masses . “ Innovator ” vegans had to be willing to make their own soy milk and tofu . They had to be willing to cope with the social costs of going out to eat and finding nothing at their local restaurants . This naturally limited the speed with which this lifestyle could spread . Some people just are n’t thrilled at the prospect of working hard to be different . Novelty , it seems , has limited appeal for many.How Homebrew Computing Clubs Parallel the Early Vegan MovementVegan innovators were a group somewhat akin to early computer enthusiasts . At the dawn of the PC era , owning a computer meant learning to program your own machine . It was hard work . For many the rewards were obvious . But for the larger majority , it was too much effort.But some early computing adopters saw opportunity in this obstacle . Steve Jobs knew the masses balked at the idea of learning to program their own computers . So instead of trying to force them to learn to code , he created computers that did the work for them . His apple computers were embraced by a larger audience of people captivated by the promise of technology , but unwilling to put in a tremendous amount of effort.Similarly , plant-based companies like Hampton Creek appeal to those interested in eating better , but who are n’t thrilled at the prospect of making their own tofu . Of course , this has frustrated many long-term vegans , who do n’t get why people ca n’t move away from these “ starter ” foods and onto healthier , more “ authentic ” vegan fare.If we want to see widespread adoption of veganism in our lifetimes , we ’ll have to be ready to remain agile and capable of responding quickly to new ideas and looking at ways to craft our message in new ways.I ’ve only been vegan for a couple of years , and I ’ve already experienced this myself . Initially , I was n’t sure what to think of lab-created meat . I was initially wary ( due to concerns about cholesterol , etc . ) , but I ’ve realized the tremendous potentials of this technology ( and its scalability ) can transform the world.What about you ? Has your vision for the future of veganism changed ? Do you consider yourself an early adopter of veganism ? Where do you fall on the innovation adoption curve ? Are you content to wait for these technologies to become more proven before you ’re willing to commit to the idea ? Have you been vegan for ages and you ’re a bit wary of all these new developments ? Leave a comment and let me know what you think!Video from ModVegan : Veganism &amp; The Innovation Adoption Curve	Veganism & Everett Rogers ’ Innovation Adoption Curve
If you 've ever been to Los Angeles , you 've been in traffic . It 's such an integral part of the LA experience that the running joke is that the city is nothing more than a giant parking lot . But the sprawling metropolis is trying to do better . It 's expanding its subway system with a new line and seven stations by 2023 while the light rail expansion will connect the Crenshaw district with LAX . Still , the freeways and surface streets are crowded with four-wheeled chunks of metal and glass . That 's where 16 teams of developers , the city of LA and Honda come in.During the 2017 LA Auto Show , Honda Innovations put on a hackathon in conjunction with the city of Los Angeles , the show 's organizers and partner Smartcar . The 24-plus-hour coding extravaganza asked developers to make The City of Angels easier to navigate during a large sporting event . Something the city needs to figure out soon because it 's hosting the 2028 Olympics . LA County is home to more than 7.5 million registered vehicles as of 2016 , by 2028 that number will balloon while infrastructure tries to deal with a huge influx of athletes and international visitors.The teams were tasked with making sure people could still get around the city during the future two - to three-week sporting event . At the end of the hackathon , five judges ( full disclosure : I was one of them ) would determine which idea would best benefit the city , its inhabitants and visitors.The teams were given access to data , APIs and software from the Los Angeles Department of Transportation . They were also tasked with using the telematics and other data from a 2018 Honda Odyssey for their app or service . ( This event was sponsored by Honda , after all . ) For more than 24 hours , in a room sandwiched between the south and west halls of the Los Angeles Convention Center , 16 teams toiled , building apps and services that would not only tackle the city 's upcoming sporting event but also its ongoing traffic issues.After two rounds of judging , team TribalScale walked away with the grand prize of $ 7,500 thanks to its predictive driver-assistance platform that monitors and predicts trouble spots within the city of LA . The service would share that information with drivers ( to avoid the area ) , dispatchers ( to send help to those areas in anticipation ) , and to the actual helpers that could be on the scene in as little as 30 seconds after an incident.Strategically placed first responders would also spend less time getting to an accident or other situation . During a considerable collision with major injuries when every second counts , it could mean the difference between life and death . TribalScale also said its service could tap into car data and share that information with dispatchers so they would know if an incident is minor -- like as a flat tire or fender bender -- or something more substantial.The two other finalists , teams Wing and EPAM systems , both tackled the issue with companion apps that helped visitors navigate the city either by directing them to alternative means of transportation or helping them tackle the city streets on their own . Ultimately TribalScale 's project won the grand prize with its predictive incident system.Sure , it could help during a major sporting event like the Olympics , but if deployed today , it could also reduce traffic around an incident and quickly deploy assistance to victims . " We expected a lot of noisy data and took a lot of time cleaning and making a platform that allows the City of LA to welcome more people for bigger events , " said Ardy Rahman of TribalScale said . " To get that , we have to make sure our infrastructure can handle it . " With cities growing and the self-driving future still potentially decades away , finding solutions to solve the problems we have right now is important . Frankly it does n't matter who comes up with the solution . It could be a department toiling on big problems inside a local government . Or in this case , a group of developers based out of Toronto , Canada , who stayed up all night to figure out how to deploy assistance to those who need it as quickly as possible.This article originally appeared on Engadget at https://www.engadget.com/2017/12/02/honda-hackathon-la-auto-show/	Honda hopes developers can help keep the LA Olympics moving
DECLAN Donnelly finally came face to face with Dennis Wise on tonight 's I 'm A Celebrity - after days of mocking his height . Ant McPartlin could n't help but mock his co-host after the Tortuous Tanks trial , calling him " a very small man " . ITVStubborn as ever , Dec refused to believe it , audaciously claiming Dennis was stood on a stepladder . Fans loved it , writing on Twitter : " dec saying to Dennis about their size has made my life 😂 #imaceleb . " @antanddec Dennis and Declan are the same height :D Your a very small man Dec ! #imaceleb . " @Ant_McPartlin another brilliant show ant &amp; Dec Dec your THE same size as Dennis wise see what I did there take care ant and Dec . ITV " Denise wise on a step ladder 😂 @imacelebrity #ImACeleb . " that picture of dennis on a step ladder has proper tickled me 😂 😂 😂 #ImACeleb . " Dennis on a step ladder has me dead 😂 💀 #imaceleb . " Got a story ? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220	Ant mocks Dec after he finally stands next to ‘ very small ’ Dennis Wise – but still refuses to believe it
There 's a girl I 've been helping with a couple of classes I 've taken before at my college . I met her through a friend a while ago and we did n't start talking really until this semester . Anyways when I 've been helping her , she 's touched my arm , shoulder , and thigh . She 's picked a piece of lint out of my hair once and saw what she thought was a stray hair an plucked it . A few times she 's rested her head on my shoulder , and whenever she gets a question right she playfully punches my arm lightly like a boxer . She comes to me for help but quite a few times she did n't really need it . She just answered the question on her own with minor errors . I was actually waiting with her for her father to pick her up . When he got there he asked if I was the guy he 's hearing good things about . She said very good things and smiled a bit . We 've also hung out a few times and not did anything related to our schooling . Lately she started giving me quick and spontaneous hugs good bye.On the flip side , there were a few times when we had plans and she bailed last minute . Either slept in , or cancelled because something came up that she forgot about . I figured her life is pretty busy kind of like mine . Which would explain the cancellations and stuff.So I was just wondering what you guys and girls thought .	Is she flirting with me or am I just reading too into things ?
CAIRO ( Reuters ) - Any move by the United States to recognise Jerusalem as Israel 's capital would fuel extremism and violence , Arab League Secretary-General Ahmed Aboul Gheit said on Saturday . He spoke a day after a senior U.S. administration official said U.S. President Donald Trump was likely to make the announcement next week . The Palestinians want Jerusalem as the capital of their future state , and the international community does not recognise Israel 's claim on all of the city , home to sites holy to the Jewish , Muslim and Christian religions . Word of Trump 's planned announcement , which would deviate from previous U.S. presidents who have insisted the Jerusalem 's status must be decided in negotiations , has already drawn criticism from the Palestinian Authority . " Today we say very clearly that taking such action is not justified ... It will not serve peace or stability , but will fuel extremism and resort to violence , " Aboul Gheit said in a statement published on the Arab league 's website . " It only benefits one side ; the Israeli government that is hostile to peace , " he added .	Trump recognition of Jerusalem as Israeli capital would fuel violence - Arab League
Husky Energy is working on clean-up plans after an oil and steam leak at a well site near Vawn , Sask. , on Friday . According to the company , there was an uncontrolled release of steam and oil from a well which was being serviced at their Edam East thermal project . The release was primarily steam but contained small amounts of oil , said Mel Duvall , communications officer with the company . Husky staff responded to control the leak and it was shut down by 2:30 a.m. on Saturday . No one was injured . Ministry of the Economy regulatory staff also went to the site to monitor the situation and the rural municipality blocked access to the nearby road and site access on Friday . Air monitoring was done at the site and no release of hydrogen sulfide was recorded , the company said . The company is working to find out how much oil was released and what caused the leak . The Government of Saskatchewan said Husky will develop and execute clean-up plans shortly . Vawn is approximately 50 kilometres northwest of North Battleford .	Steam and oil leak at Vawn , Sask. , Husky site
Relaxing is seriously not my thing . I am so go-go-go that sometimes I forget to eat . However , when I undertook a challenge to meditate every single day for a month , I learned that some much needed mental relaxation is a welcome side effect . I 'm a pretty anxious person in general , so when friends first started suggesting meditation to me as a way to reduce my anxiety , I brushed them off . I could n't imagine anything more anxiety inducing than sitting still for a long period of time trying to quiet my mind . Even while I 'm in the midst of conversation with people , my brain is a non-stop reel of gibberish , kind of like when Lorelai Gilmore iconically said , " I ’m wearing a green dress , I wish I was wearing my blue dress , my blue dress is at the cleaners . " The struggle is real , and I know myself well enough to be certain that a sitting meditation was not going to be my jam . However , a friend introduced me to a pranayama breathing meditation , which is an active meditation that involves so much focus on a particular breathing pattern that it actually makes my mind shut up . During the month of November , four friends and I committed to doing this breathwork meditation for 30 minutes every day , and we checked in each night via Facebook to hold each other accountable . Here 's what happened during my month-long commitment to meditation . 1 . Small Things Stopped Bothering MeOK , first I will admit that I am not feeling super chill right now because I have an upper-respiratory infection , and I have not been able to meditate for the past two days — and seriously , I can already feel the difference . Before the meditation challenge , little things would cause me to burst into tears , like too much traffic or the pharmacy running out of my prescription . About three weeks into the challenge , I flew to Arizona for Thanksgiving where a series of " little things " that might have previously caused me to devolve into a weeping puddle resulted in nothing more than my feeling mildly annoyed.On my first flight , the pilot said we could n't take off because the check engine light for the plane was on . Instead of becoming irritated AF , I just pulled out my book . While in Arizona I was driving an electric car , a Chevy Bolt EV , for the first time . Because the car does n't even feel like it 's on while you 're driving , and it can go from zero to 60 in five seconds , I got pulled over for going way over the speed limit . Any interaction with the police usually makes me cry , but I made it through the experience without blubbering . Finally , on my flight home from my trip , the pilot announced that we were unable to take off because he legally did n't have enough flying hours logged to land a plane in fog . This one rattled me the most because I thought I might have to spend the night in the airport , but the expected meltdown never came .2 . I Had More PatienceIn addition to being bad at relaxing , I can also be pretty impatient . But , as I began to get more meditation days under my belt , waiting became less bothersome to me . However , the real test for me was the grocery store , which I detest because the tend to be full of slow walkers and people who push their carts right down the middle of the aisle so no one else can get by . But , I was assigned to go to the store to pick up our Thanksgiving meal the day before the holiday . Total nightmare , right ? First they could n't find the order , then they could n't figure out how to ring it up . Plus I had the cart with the broken wheel , and I had to run to my cousin 's house , put the food in the fridge , and make it to an appointment in 20 minutes . In the past , this would have caused both crying and panic . Neither happened . The problems were calmly resolved , and I made it to my appointment on time . One thing meditation has taught me is that no matter what happens , I actually do have the power to decide how I am going to respond to each situation . And , crying and getting worked up is n't good for anyone , especially meI also excused myself from family and friends each day for 30 minutes to meditate , and it helped improve my mood and made me more patient in social situations where — as a hardcore introvert — I would have previously become annoyed . According to Headspace , what happened to me is a common positive side effect of regular meditation . " I can identify my emotions when they ’re happening and not just latch onto them and let them drag me down the street , " Ryan O’Donoghue , who also embarked on a month-long meditation challenge , told Headspace . " I ’m able to recognize [ them ] , note it , and then almost have a grin about it , have a lightness about it , instead of letting [ my emotions ] derail me , which , historically , would be my tendency . " 3 . I Felt Less DepressedHappy is not a word most people would use to describe me . Intense and moody , yes . Happy , no . I struggle with depression on a daily basis , but when I started meditating every day some of the doom and gloom fog that normally surrounds my brain seemed to lift . Maria Stenvinkel wrote for Mind Body Green that when she stopped her daily meditation practice after three years , that negative fog began to come back . " I do n’t know about you , but my mind tends to drift to negative , fearful thoughts . Without proper supervision , it takes the time to turn itself into a victim and notice all the obstacles instead of opportunities . Instead of seeing this for what it was , a scared little monkey fighting for its survival ( that ’s how I tend to look at my ego ) , I was running around with it , " Stenvinkel wrote . " As my ego pointed out things that went wrong , I pointed out even more things . I was first in line to join its pity parties . Without utilizing the secret weapon of my awareness , I got caught up in the many fearful stories my mind tells me . " This is how I have lived most of my life . And while I 'm not swinging from the chandeliers since I started meditating , I have noticed that I feel like less of a walking storm cloud . Progress , not perfection .4 . I Slept BetterAside from being impatient , anxious , and moody , I 'm also not a good sleeper . I have tried almost everything to try to get to sleep , and I eventually just accepted that I might live my entire life and never sleep through the night . However , one thing I did n't expect when I started the meditation challenge was improved sleep quality . Once I began meditating regularly I began to go to bed earlier and sleep more deeply , which is a huge bonus for someone who 's been chasing sleep their entire life . One article published by Harvard Medical School noted that meditation is proven to help people sleep better.While you might think meditation is for new age-y people who spend their weekends shopping for crystals , people like me who are more resistant to meditation are actually the ones who need it the most . " In this fast-moving , ever-changing society , we need to slow down now more than before , " Stenvinkel explained . " If not , it ’s very easy to get overworked , caught up in problems , and to burn the candle at both ends . Meditation is n’t about controlling your thoughts ; it ’s about stopping them from controlling you . As they say : Master your mind and you ’ll master your world . " If you 're not convinced , no one is a bigger skeptic than me , but do n't take my word for it . Try meditating for a month for yourself and see what happens . If you need some inspiration to get started this is a seven-minute version of the breathing pranayama meditation that I do , or check out these meditation apps for inspiration . My only regret is that I did n't do this sooner . And , P.S. , someone tell Lorelai Gilmore about meditation . Because , it does n't always have to be like , " Bicycle , unicycle , unitard . Hockey puck , rattlesnake , monkey , monkey , underpants ! "	What Happens When You Meditate Every Day ? I Tried It For A Month , & These 4 Things Changed
Answering Your Questions &amp; Queries.LIC . JAVIER EMILIO HAMUE MEDINAWhy would it be that Peña ordered his lackeys — I read it in Excelsior several days ago — “ to speak well of Mexico ” ? I feel that what he wants is that they speak well of him because of what I perceive him as the mediocre Louis XIV , who as a good king only said : “ L’etat , c’est moi ” … I do not speak French , eh?Will he be thinking about his legacy ? We could take the “ trip ” to add : “ Je m ’ en vais , mais l’État demeurera toujours . ” “ I ’m going to leave ( EPN ) , but the State ( hopefully and something ) will last ” ( Marquis de Dangeau at the death of Louis XIV ) . “ SARITA CARDONA F.Can you give me some simple trick to help me fall asleep sooner?Expose your feet to cold air , instead of the heat that is trapped under the blankets , as that helps the body heat dissipate more quickly.CLAUDIO GMIn relation to the answer you gave last Sunday , there is no doubt that you are a fortunate man : your wife loves you , your father dearly loved you , whom I greatly admired . I think there was not a question I did not answer . Will not you have a “ relingo ” that you can say to my wife , children , grandchildren and great-grandchildren : “ This clock was given to me by Mr. Alfredo La Mont III ! ” Do not take it seriously , it ’s just a comment for His sincerity in saying the collection of watches he has.Don Claudio , well deserved I have it . I offer him that if at some point , by pure chance and without planning , I have the pleasure of knowing him , I promise to start from a mentioned “ relingo ” , seriously!HALITOSISWhat is the most common cause of this evil that can be so shameful?Alcohol , which despite being liquid , can dry your mouth , which encourages bacteria that cause halitosis , the medical term for bad breath . Drinks with caffeine , spicy foods and cigarettes can also cause a dry mouth that does not produce as much saliva as is needed while sleeping and that also explains “ morning breath ” . VIDAL MANUEL CÁRDENAS D.What is the human responsibility in a summarized way?He requested it summarized , and here I share it : Protect , procreate and provide.XAVIER J. TREJO R.What will the second coming of Christ be like?The Catholic faith that comes to us from the apostles teaches that the second coming of Christ will be glorious , visible to all and definitive . It will mark the end of history and time . All mankind will be judged . The good will go to heaven and the condemned with the demons , to hell , where will we see ourselves , Don Xavier?LETY B.Reading your comments about makeup in women , can you tell me what are the most common stereotypes?Men see women with more attractive makeup . Women feel intimidated by the more make-up , and think they are more promiscuous . Both consider a makeup woman as having a higher status . They perceive those who have makeup as more dominant . Those stereotypes are terrible , but they can be used in their favor . For example , in a job interview , to obtain advantages .007 What was the name of the original James Bond?His name was John Dee.Alfredo La Mont	Sin Maquillaje : Dec 20 , 2016
Yesterday in search of a notebook to use for an e-course , I stumbled across a spiral-bound notebook that I had bought in November 2010 . I remember the month and year clearly . I had just turned 40 and was coming out of a severe breakdown that had left me bed-ridden , emptied out and broken in a way that made me ( finally ) seek out some help.Part of my recovery was to take my very first personal retreat ( something I ’ve done every year since ) . I found a bed-and-breakfast in Emmett , Idaho called the Frozen Dog Inn . One of my top mentors recommended that I spend some time writing down what made me happy/gave me energy and what made me unhappy/sucked up energy . I purchased a notebook just for this occasion . The Frozen Dog had a Japanese garden where I sat and poured out for hours . Sustained by Red Bull and Peanut M&amp;M s , I went inward . It was the first time I ’d ever intentionally or knowingly done so . I had spent years running from me.Today , I re-read the two lists of what made me happy and unhappy back then . I put a mark next to everything that still made me happy and unhappy . I was amazed to find that there was only a small handful that I did n’t mark . Then this thought crystalized : I did n’t change . I grew.The next four years after that November weekend in 2010 produced a slow awakening . I made some surface changes — like selling my consulting practice , going to therapy , hiring a personal trainer , seeking out mentors . Beneath the surface conditions , self-love began to grow and expand in the soil of my soul . All while the outside conditions did n’t change much at all . Still Boise , marriage , raising sons , church , coaching football , life ’s activities . Then one unexpected day in the spring of 2014 , the seedling of my true self poked itself out of the soil . Call it an awakening , a revelation , a becoming . In one cataclysmic moment , I found me . I found my mission . I found my calling.Then almost all conditions changed . Spiritual growth was explosive and immediate — leaving behind the rinds and shells of what I once knew.In August of 2014 , we moved from Boise ( where we ’d been since 1995 ) to Austin , TX . A completely different world than the Boise area ’s culture , weather , vibe . A place where my soul felt at home for the first time in my life . The day we moved to Austin , the restlessness that had roared in me for 43 + years went away.In early 2015 , I launched a new brand coaching practice with my business partner Emily Soccorsy ( what became Root + River ) . A completely different kind of company and offering and a completely different kind of business/creative partnership . Growing this business with Emily and our team is an extension of my mission , my gifts , my talents . It is hard , terrifying , smooth and joyful.In late 2015 , Lynna ( my wife since 1989 ) came out to me as bisexual . This produced a completely different kind of marriage — a true spiritual partnership . It revealed an unbreakable bond that continues to this day despite a “ traditional ” marriage that no longer exists.In January 2016 , I stopped going to the church I had attended with fervor and regularity pretty much my entire life . From this decision came a completely different kind of relationship with God . One more rich , more direct — with no split life between work and worship . I remain an unaffiliated Believer ; content to be sustained by conversations , revelations and magical experiences that confirm my decision and affirm my soul.In August 2017 , we became empty-nesters and moved to a new place . A place with less physical space but a chapter of life with much more extra space . A place in life with new roles , new expectations , new freedoms — but with it comes a new urgency to have no wasted days , to express from the heart , to create.The blank spaces in between all of the above events were filled with magic , miracles , signs , despair , messages , revelations , agony , discovery , learning , experiencing , healing , breaking , death , sorrow , anxiety , grieving , joy and so much more.When you grow , you leave things behind — relationships , conditions , ideas , beliefs . This is a cycle repeated every second in nature . Only humans are foolish enough to think nothing is supposed to change . But it ’s important to note that you do n’t leave behind you . Not the real you . I know this to be true because of a random/not random moment where I picked up that notebook and discovered that I knew me then way better than I thought I did .	I Did n’t Change . I Grew .
Mikaela Shiffrin bagged the first downhill win of her career here Saturday , blistering to victory at Lake Louise to lay down an ominous marker to her rivals.The 22-year-old American star -- the undisputed queen of slalom and reigning champion in the overall World Cup rankings -- won after clocking 1 min 27.55 sec.Germany 's Viktoria Rebensburg was second with a time of 1:27.68 , while Switzerland 's Michelle Gisin was third in 1:27.72 . Shiffrin 's compatriot Lindsey Vonn , who had suffered a heavy fall in Friday 's first race , finished 11th in 1:28.48 . The day belonged to Shiffrin , who was competing in only the fourth World Cup downhill race of a career which until now has focused on the technical disciplines of slalom and giant slalom.Shiffrin had signalled she was ready to make a strong challenge in the downhill this weekend after clinching her first podium with a third place on Friday.Saturday 's victory was the 33rd World Cup win of her career and the second of the season following her triumph at the Killington slalom last weekend.Shiffrin , the three-time world champion and 2014 Olympic slalom champion now leads the overall World Cup standings with 465 points following her fifth podium in six races.She leads Rebensburg by 149 points in the standings.Saturday 's racing was delayed twice by power outages that knocked out the resort 's ski-lifts , forcing competitors to be hauled to the top of the run via a snow tractor .	Shiffrin bags first downhill win
Tiger Woods ' hopes of a fairytale return faded on Saturday after an error-strewn round saw him tumble down the leaderboard at the Hero World Challenge in the Bahamas.After solid displays on his opening two rounds had left him at seven under par for the tournament , the former world number one suffered a torrid third round with a three-over-par 75 . It left the 14-time major winner at four under , several shots off the leading group who were still on the course at the par-72 Albany Golf Club.Woods , who is playing for the first time since February , was in trouble from the opening hole , hitting his tee shot at the first into the sand bordering the fairway.His second shot hit a rock hidden in the sand , leaving him with a difficult up and down to save par.He reached the green in three but missed the putt to make bogey.A further bogey followed on the third when an attempted chip onto the green struck the bank and rolled back.Two more bogeys on the sixth and seventh put him four over for the day as his challenge threatened to unravel , and a further bogey on the 10th further deepened the gloom.But Woods kept battling away and finally started getting some joy from his putting , to finish with two birdies on the 14th and 17th holes to claw back two shots.A further birdie putt on the 18th rolled agonisingly wide.Woods return this week in the 18-man tournament which benefits his charity is his first event since back surgery in April.The golf superstar has made only a handful of appearances in the past two years after back problems forced him to miss the entire 2015-2016 season .	Wayward Woods stumbles in Bahamas
Gladius &amp; Hacken Partnership - Save the Internet InitiativeWe are excited to announce a research partnership with Hacken to investigate attack vectors against Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies that use a Proof of Work consensus algorithm for verifying transactions . This international collaboration brings together the teams of two cybersecurity focused blockchain companies to investigate the intersection of these two spaces.Hacken Ecosystem is a community-based business organization consisting of the several components : the HackenProof bug bounty marketplace , Zero-day Remuneration Platform , Hacken Accelerator and Cybersecurity Analytics Center . Hacken ’s mission is to develop a white hat cybersecurity community that will become one of the main driving forces deterring and countering international cybercrime.Gladius and Hacken both share the goal of enabling developers to protect their users from cyberattacks by providing services purchased using ERC20 tokens built on the Ethereum blockchain — Gladius uses the GLA token in its marketplace for content delivery and DDoS protection services while Hacken uses the HKN token within its cybersecurity ecosystem.For this partnership , we have produced a report titled The Rush for Hashpower , which will be published very shortly . The report accomplishes two key goals : providing high level explanations of various potential attacks , and considering the risk of these attacks occurring in the Bitcoin network today.First , the Gladius and Hacken teams explain several attacks that a malicious actor may try to use against the Bitcoin network . This includes Censorship Attacks to dictate what transactions are allowable , strategies to gain abnormal profits like Pool Cannibalization and Block Withholding Attacks , as well as attacks to gain more control of the network like Selfish Mining , Stubborn Mining , and Eclipse Attacks . Our goal is to present these attacks discussed in academic research papers at a more intuitive and understandable level.Second , the report discusses the state of the Bitcoin network in order to assess how concerned the community should be about the threat of these attacks . As of December 2017 , over 75 % of computational power in the Bitcoin network is controlled by mining pools operated in a single country , with almost 30 % controlled by a single organization governing many mining pools . Many interesting questions about the relationships between the concentration of hashpower with a few entities and fluctuations in the Bitcoin price.Check back soon to see the results of this joint effort between Gladius and Hacken ! We will also continue collaboration with Hacken in the upcoming months to drive blockchain-based security becomes the new normal .	Gladius & Hacken Partnership - Save the Internet Initiative
India consists of 29 states and 7 union territories as well as has more than 1800 registered political parties . However , after May 2014 elections , 545-members Indian chamber of Parliament — Lok Sabha — is dominated by only one party — the right-wing , nationalistic BJP — Bharatiya Janata Party , which holds on to 275 seats and leads the 335-members pro-government coalition . On the one hand , this political system has helped to maintain the long-term stability of Indian government . On the other , it also creates the major rift with central governments policies on the local level.India is one of the world leaders of the technological startups industry . In 2015 – 2016 India came close to its traditional rival — China — in the number of new technological companies . Indian large and quickly growing population , rapidly expanding economy and highly qualified workforce have made India one of the most attractive places of capital allocation for global VC firms . At the same time , sharp regional inequality , low-income consumers , high administrative barriers and outdated legal system still significantly reduce the growth potentials of the local startup ecosystem . “ The government ’s position is clear , we do n’t recognize this ( digital money ) as legal currency as of now . ” That statement , made by India ’s finance minister on December 2017 , is not the first time , when local officials address the issue of cryptocurrencies . Earlier , another high ranked Indian bureaucrat made an announcement that the Reserve Bank of India had no plans to regulate crypto . At the same time , it was reported that Inter-Disciplinary Committee within India ’s Ministry of Finance was actively investigating the legal status of digital currencies and considering the possibility of regulating this area . Later it was revealed that the Indian government committee has ruled in favor of regulating cryptocurrencies.Those contradictory statements confirmed the fact that Indian regulators have not been able to work out an unified approach to the issue of digital currencies governance . At the same time , Modi ’s demonetization policy , which major goal is to impose total government ’s control over the monetary flows within the country , can be undermined by cryptocurrencies , which major features are anonymity and decentralization . It highly increases the probability of Indian officials introducing harsh restrictions on the crypto-industry operators or banning Bitcoin completely . Meanwhile , trading cryptocurrencies as well as organizing ICOs remain technically legal in India.Business Notes for Startups Founders : political climate : marginally friendly ; economic climate : generally friendly ; regions to focus : locally , WW ; industries to focus : many ; major limitations : low-income consumers ( per-capita under $ 2000 ) , high legal and administrative barriers , key rate at 6 % , fixed Internet penetration rate is under 35 % ; stimulus : consistently growing economy ( GDP growth rate has stayed about 5 % for more than two decades ) , services accounts for more than 60 % of GDP , very large population of over 1.3 billion , access to seed and VC capital ( mostly in main cities ) , qualified work-force , relatively low costs of running an e-business ; opportunities : to create a global e-business aimed at younger users of mobile Internet on both internal and external markets ; Cryptocurrencies and ICOs ( outlook ) : legal ( negative ) . The author : Svyatoslav ( Svet ) SedovAngel investor and founder of The First International Incubator for Silicon Valley Companies ( FirstInternational.In ) in the Bay Area , CA , USA .	Startups and Bitcoins in India
My dad Herb Basulto , the guy next to me in the photos above , has always been my right hand man . He has shared with me his love of animals , food , laughter , exercise , family , our Cuban heritage , and more . However , most importantly , what he has given me that I carry every day is strength to be a killer woman.Thank you dad , and to everyone else , here are some lessons we should all learn.You will be a killer athlete , not just a cheerleader.I still remember this clearly in my mind . I was around seven years old when my dad arrived home from work one day . As he was preparing dinner , I ran around the kitchen in circles asking him , “ Can I please be a cheerleader ? Can you please bring me to try outs ? ” I had seen the cute sparkly uniform some of the older girls at my elementary school had worn and wanted to get in on the fun . Further , many movies at the beginning of the 2000s showcased high school girls who were cheerleaders as the hottest and coolest people around . Media was telling me that I had to be a cheerleader to be someone . For this reason , I was super bummed when my dad said , “ No . You will be the one in the game crushing people , not just cheering them on . ” My dad proceeded to sign me up for baseball that month , and afterwards , I played sports continuously every year , eventually sticking to soccer for a while . He took me to the fields to practice and have me run sprints to improve my stamina , teaching me the grit I needed to succeed . He did not go easy on me because I was a girl — in fact , I was often encouraged by him to play against boys.My dad teaching me that I could be an athlete taught me that I did not have to be a pretty princess because I was a girl — at least not all of the time . On the field , I could be so powerful and people would cheer me on for my skill , no matter what I was wearing . I was cool because of my accomplishments , not my looks .2 . No one can take your education from you.My family is Cuban and Puerto Rican . Like many immigrant families , only a few of my relatives had ever finished college before me , but they had accomplished a lot . My parents made a lovely home for my brother and I , giving us so much more than they had as children . Even though we had a better life , my dad never let me forget how hard I would have to work to have an even better life.As a toddler , we practiced mathematics and reading together all of the time . I have seen so many home videos of me reciting the alphabet , reading , and doing multiplication at a freakishly young age . My dad brought me to the library and we got the maximum amount of books each time because I thought it was a challenge to read all of them before our next visit . By the time school came around , I was so excited that learning would be my job every day because of how much fun it was to study with my dad.As I got older , my dad stressed the importance of my education — specifically my college education time and time again . I am sure that the reason I ended up getting into and going to Columbia was because of the mindset I inherited from my family — you can start with nothing , but as my dad says — no one can take your education from you.Every time I felt like I could n’t keep going or did n’t belong at college , I remembered my dad telling me that growing up and each time he dropped me off at Columbia at the beginning of the semester.Keep going because no one can strip you of your accomplishments .3 . Laugh at yourself every day.My dad is incredibly ruthless when it comes to sarcasm and jokes . He ’s made fun of me for everything since I was a tiny person . Because of this , I have grown really tough skin , learned how to laugh at myself , and I let insults roll off much more easily than other people.Most pre-teens would cry if their dad made fun of them when they went through an Emo/Goth Hot Topic phase and put white paint on their faces ( true story ) , but I was always fully equipped to come back at my dad with smart remarks and arguments each time he made fun of me . To this day , whenever someone crosses me , I do not back down , and I credit that to being made fun of and having to hold my ground.I also laugh at myself constantly . If I make a mistake , I mock myself and move on . I am not easily deterred or put down because I know how to make myself smile when I ’ve been wrong or messed up.Lastly , if someone insults or makes fun of me , it does not bother me nearly as much since I have tougher skin than most.Let people say and believe what they want — no one can hurt someone who can laugh at themselves .4 . Always surround yourself by better people.My dad was the first person to give me this million dollar advice . Seriously , all millionaires say it : you ’ll never get to where you want to be if you do not surround yourself by those people.When you are growing up and in your adult life , always surround yourself by the people you want to be like and grow into.In high school , college , and beyond , I have taken this advice very seriously . I strive to be around people who are smarter , more talented , work harder , and have done more than me . How else am I supposed to improve myself and grow?At each stage in my life , the friends I chose help me grow so much . Thank you friends , and thank you dad .5 . You do n’t owe anyone anything.I attribute a lot of the strength I have in my relationships and my decisions in life to the fact that my dad taught me I did not owe anyone anything.I did n’t have to take a job because a company was well-known unless they were offering me exactly what I wanted.I did n’t have to continue being friends with or dating someone who was not valuing me as I deserved.I did n’t have to do anything a teacher , boss , or other person in authority told me to if it was n’t right.My dad taught me that people are not perfect : teachers are wrong sometimes , friends and boyfriends can be cruel , a good job might not be worth it , etc.In this , I learned to always question my decisions and whether they were right for me , even if it meant being uncomfortable and questioning authority at times ( in a respectful way of course ) . I ’m so lucky to have a dad who celebrated when his first born was a daughter . He saw it as a chance to raise a strong woman who could take on the world.We can use more men and people — in general — like this in the world.In times when the media is flooded with news about men committing crimes against woman , it is important to remember the men who make us better and the attributes we can all employ to be better .	5 Things My Dad Taught Me that Made Me a Stronger Woman
Watford ( United Kingdom ) ( AFP ) - Ten-man Tottenham Hotspur stopped the rot with a 1-1 draw at Watford on Saturday but this result did little to revive an already faltering Premier League title bid.Christian Kabasele 's early opener for Watford was cancelled out by Son Heung-Min 's equaliser in the first half . But Davinson Sanchez 's red card moments into the second second period changed the course of this game . Spurs were pegged back but to settle for a draw , meaning they 've now won just two points out of a possible 12 . This result might have halted a run of three successive away defeats , but Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino will have been frustrated by a share of the spoils.With Tottenham having already lost four league games , as many as they did throughout the whole of last season to all but end their Premier League title hopes , they could ill-afford another setback at Vicarage Road . An on-out-of-sorts Spurs had never previously lost to Watford in eight previous Premier League meetings and they would keep that unbeaten record intact . But Watford will be wondering just how the match ended in a draw.Kabasele had made an important block to deny Harry Kane early on but the Belgian defender made another telling contribution at the other end of the pitch to head Watford into a 13th minute lead . Tom Cleverley 's corner saw Kabasele escape from his marker to nod home beyond Spurs goalkeeper Hugo Lloris . Pochettino , despite his side 's poor recent run , might have taken some comfort from Watford 's home form against other leading Premier League clubs . For all they beat Arsenal 2-1 , Watford have leaked 13 goals against Liverpool , Manchester City and Manchester United.And that tally increased when Watford were opened up all too easily for Spurs ' equalising goal.Christian Eriksen beat the offside trap and his cross was perfectly weighted for Son to slot home home in the 25th minute . Abdoulaye Doucoure fired just past the far post in the 37th minute and Watford continued to pose a threat , with Richarlison causing Spurs all kinds of problems . Another burst forward from the Brazilian saw him contribute towards Sanchez 's early exit in the 52nd minute , with the Colombian meeting his fellow South American with a raised forearm . Watford wanted a red card while Pochettino pleaded the case for Sanchez 's defence . Eventually , referee Martin Atkinson showed Sanchez a red card , deeming the elbow was intentional , in a decision which had a big impact on the outcome of this game . Doucoure met Cleverley 's corner but his 25-yard shot bounced off the inside post and agonisingly out.It was a major escape for Spurs , who had really gone into their shell , with Watford now dominating as a result of their numerical advantage.Watford were piling forward with Etienne Capoue forcing Lloris into a routine save from distance.And the Hornets finished the more frustrated of the two side.A handball shout against Spurs ' Eric Dier was waved away moments before the final whistle , with Atkinson booed off by both sets of supporters at full-time .	Spurs stumble in Watford draw
I typed THE END THE END THE END across the page , saved everything in several places , closed the computer . That was it for the first draft of my novel . I ’d close it down formally the next day , with additional back-up , notes , and ideas for further development.An hour later , the story was calling to me from the top of the stairs . I ’d put it to bed , tucked it in well , but it got out . Over and over , Story chanted what it knew would get to me.There ’s a better ending!I gave the dog his dinner , went to the bottom of the stairs . Go back to bed , I told Story . We ’re going to have a great time tomorrow going through everything , but first you need to go to sleep.I ’m not sleepy , Story whined . And I have all these great ideas whizzing around . Come on , can I stay up just a little bit longer ? Change the ending to this and you ’ll love it!Story called down the ending . I listened even though the dog was moaning by the door . He was ready to chase wild turkeys out of his yard . I let the dog out , listening to what Story said.It was a better ending.I tucked story back into bed , kissed it on the forehead and closed the door just so there was enough light so it did n’t get scared of the dark.I dashed down the stairs , let the dog back into the house , and jotted down the idea . And that would weave perfectly with the beginning , forming a marvelous symmetry and then I could drop in hints … There ’s an even better ending!Story sat on the top step of the stairs , getting ready to slide down on its bottom . Eyes pleading , it urged me to listen — promising it would only take a couple of minutes or maybe an hour to get this great ending down on the page.Don ’ t make me come up there again , I called . Story ’s eyes filled and its quivering mouth wailed “ You do n’t love me anymore ! ” That ’s not true , I told it , coming up stairs to tuck it back into bed . I love you so much that I ’m going to put you back to bed . We ’re going to have a great time tomorrow going through everything , but first you need to go to sleep.I picked it up , carried it to its room , settled into bed with a kiss , closed the door just right . Story blew out a heavy sigh . You promise ? Tomorrow?I told Story I loved it , promised that we ’d have a terrific time tomorrow . I ’d listen to every single thing it said , jot down notes , and save everything in multiple places . What ’s more , we ’d decide what I had to learn , what research I needed to do to help Story emerge as its strongest , most beautiful self . Story could have hot chocolate with whipped cream , make a mustache , and say everything it wanted . Story grinned , eyes shining bright.I stood at the top of the stairs , listening for footsteps , hearing instead a happy sigh as Story went to sleep.Hey , Writer , Writer , Writer!A new voice called to me . This time it came from the bottom of the stairs . The dog sniffed it with suspicion.In its wispy new Story voice , this newcomer said : That first draft to sleep yet ? I know you guys have a lot of work to do tomorrow , but after that let ’s you and me get together.Have I got an idea for you !	When the End Is n’t the End of the Story
An experienced financial executive residing in Cresskill , New Jersey , David Kushner currently serves as the president of Paradigm Capital Group , where he is responsible for mortgage financing and equity investments . Each semester , David Kushner is invited to lecture graduate-level business students at Fordham University in the Bronx.Fordham University has long positioned itself as a place to study social responsibility alongside other majors . For instance , social innovation and sustainable business are two innovative fields of study the University offers . These disciplines inform future business leaders on what is known as the triple bottom line of people , planet , and profit . Students desiring to be changemakers learn about social responsibility via business decisions that benefit people by improving working conditions and preserving the environment.In recognition of its contributions , Fordham was named a model of responsible management education by the United Nations , a designation bestowed on just 23 other universities worldwide . Fordham also was one of 35 institutions recognized by Ashoka as a Changemaker Campus .	Fordham Features Its Social Innovation , Sustainable Business Programs
MANCHESTER UNITED are unhappy that on-loan Dutch defender Timothy Fosu-Mensah is not playing more for Crystal Palace . The youngster went to the Eagles when fellow countryman Frank de Boer was in charge but Roy Hodgson has preferred others since taking over . AFPNow the Old Trafford club are growing agitated and may even consider recalling Fosu-Mensah , 19 , and finding him a new club . Fosu-Mensah 's season-long loan was confirmed in August , after SunSport told you it would happen . The Dutch star has made 11 appearances for the Eagles so far this season , but his last came on November 5 . He has made 12 appearances for United since joining from Ajax in 2014 and has two caps for the Holland team . Rex FeaturesThey have now become the first side in Premier League history to fail to score in ten away games . Hodgson is also set to busy in the transfer market with a swoop for Paris Saint-Germain keeper Kevin Trapp . The Germany international has fallen down the pecking order in the France capital . Rex FeaturesReuters	Manchester United furious at Timothy Fosu-Mensah ’s lack of playing time at Crystal Palace
On November 8th , I attended the UX World Fall 2017 Conference hosted by IDG Korea at the Kimkoo Museum &amp; Library . During the third session , ‘ Designing Beyond the Screen ’ , Gabriel Valdivia ( Lead Product Designer at Facebook ) introduced some of the VR design research currently in progress at Facebook . Here is a quick summary and some personal thoughts regarding the session.As Mark Zuckerberg demonstrated in his keynote speech last year , Facebook is currently looking for new ways to connect people through virtual reality . Some of the ideas include playing games , taking pictures ‘ together ’ , and exploring both real and virtual spaces together . Because all of these interactions take place in a computer generated 3D environment , as opposed to a traditional mobile screen , it is bringing up many new design challenges regarding how the user is to interact with his or her surroundings.Luckily , Facebook has already pioneered out into the world of VR design , and answered some of the questions for us already . Valdivia explains that their examples can be grouped into three core categories : Presence , Comfort , and Input .1 . PresencePresence is defined as the feeling that you actually exist in the virtual world , and believe that your perceived surroundings are real . This is crucial to the experience as a lack of presence may lead to a lack of immersion ; and considering the fact that people tend to judge a VR experience based on just one try , they might end up abandoning the attempt to try out products once and for all.Some products , like Leap Motion , use holographic hands to represent the user.Facebook , however , decided to use avatars to maximize the feeling of presence . The great thing about avatars is that they are highly relatable , and considering the fact that Facebook will have to design billions of avatars for people all over the world , it seems like a great design choice in that they have great potential for variations and customisations.When designing these avatars , Valdivia explained that adding hand gestures and eye movement ( such as eye contact , eyeball movement , and blinking ) are the crucial factors for the users to perceive the avatars as ‘ real beings ’ . Through testing , they found out that the more natural these gestures become , the more likely the users will be engaged with the characters .2 . ComfortThe second important factor when designing for VR is ‘ Comfort ’ , the state in which a user does not feel nausea that comes from the deviation between perceived movement and actual staying stationary.In order to reduce the feeling of dizziness , Facebook uses a method they call ‘ teleporting ’ ; where a user feels like they are stable , while their surroundings are moving instead . ( Example : 0:30 – 0:40 ) This is possible because people can perceive if they are moving or not by comparing how the ‘ ground ’ they are standing on ( in the video , the boat acts as the ‘ ground ’ ) is moving in relation to the objects around them .3 . InputFacebook quickly learned that 3D worlds require different input methods compared to the 2D interfaces we are so accustomed to.One example would be the circular UI that is becoming a rapidly popular choice for most inputs in the 3D world . In the 2D world , most menus and options are designed in a linear fashion . However , in the 3D world , a circular UI works better because it increases accessibility for the user . ( Please refer to the ‘ like ’ interface below . ) The user no longer has to spread out their arms to choose an option that is at the far end , and merely flick their control device in the direction of the option they wish to choose.Also , when showing a list of contents , they found out that it is better to use a ‘ gallery ’ view , instead of the common one-content-at-a-time list interface optimized for mobile devices.Sometimes , the fact that most users are usually seated when using a VR device acts as a constraint to the design . For example , if someone wanted to ‘ scroll ’ to the opposite side in the 3D world , the ideal solution would be to literally turn around 180 degrees . However , because the user is seated in most settings , this method becomes a bit problematic.In order to solve this problem , Facebook decided to introduce scrolling through eye gaze . The scroll speed accelerates based on how far ‘ left ’ or ‘ right ’ the user is gazing , so the user does not have to actually move in order to ‘ go ’ to the intended area.Finally , because it requires a lot of time for users to learn new interfaces , Valdivia also mentioned that Facebook is currently testing out ‘ tool ’ interfaces ; where you grab a tool that is resemblant of a real life object ( such as a camera ) , and operate it like you would normally do ( e.g. Take a picture with it by pressing the shutter button ) . You can find out more about designing for VR on the Facebook VR Resources page . Many thanks again for this insightful session.This is a third person interpretation of the session held by Gabriel Valdivia ( ‘ Designing Beyond the Screen ’ ) . All content belongs to its ’ respective owners.Leap Motion uses a holographic skeleton model to represent the user.An example of the gallery view and circular UI	How Facebook Designs for VR Environments
At the end of November , Singapore hosted the top-ranked Blockchain event , BlockShow Asia 2017 . The event is powered by the Cointelegraph and gathered over 1000 of founders , investors , lawyers , senior executives and Blockchain developers from all over the world.e-Chat is very proud to contribute to building a strong Blockchain community worldwide , by participating and networking with the representatives from either the businesses that are already using the Blockchain technologies or the ones that still nurture plans to implement some of these technologies . We strongly believe that our experience let us counsel the company ’s management during their transfer to Blockchain.The Cointelegraph is promoting BlockShow Asia as ‘ the Window to the Global Blockchain World ’ . This is very true . We were lucky to try out more than 40 solutions and products presented at the exhibit and showcased e-Chat as one of the established projects . The feedback received is very inspiring and at the same time , we are grateful for the valuable advice from the world-known leaders of Blockchain development movement .	e-Chat showcased its solution at BlockShow Asia , the most prestigious Blockchain Summit
DALLAS ( AP ) — Dirk Nowitzki and the Dallas Mavericks shot their way to a milestone victory for coach Rick Carlisle.Nowitzki made five of Dallas ' 16 3-pointers , and the Mavericks beat the Los Angeles Clippers 108-82 on Saturday for Carlisle 's 700th career win . " It just means that I 've been very fortunate , " Carlisle said . " As time goes on , I count those things even less . It 's day to day and trying to improve the situation . " Dallas had dropped two in a row after a stretch of three wins in four games . J.J. Barea had 21 points and 10 assists , and fellow reserve Devin Harris finished with 15 points.Carlisle became the 18th coach in NBA history with at least 700 wins . Greg Popovich ( 1,164 ) and the Clippers ' Doc Rivers ( 812 ) are the only other active coaches to make it to the milestone . " 700 . That 's a lot of wins . We 're happy to get it for him , " Nowitzki said . " He 's been great for the league . He 's been around forever , got great knowledge of the game . That 's a big milestone . We 're happy for him . We presented him with the game ball afterwards . " The Mavericks ( 6-17 ) scored the first eight points and never trailed . They finished 16 for 35 from beyond the arc . " We are definitely playing better , " Barea said . " The ball is moving better , I think everybody is more active and playing with more energy and the ball has got to keep moving . " DeAndre Jordan had 14 points and 17 rebounds for the Clippers ( 8-13 ) , who have dropped two in a row after winning three straight . Lou Williams scored 18 points.While Dallas had a big day from beyond the arc , Los Angeles was 6 for 22 from 3-point range . " It was tough , " Rivers said . " It gets frustrating when you are on defense all game . Like in a football game when you are three and out and the other team is on defense . " The Mavericks outscored the Clippers 35-21 in the second quarter for a 59-38 lead at the break.TIP-INSClippers : G Austin Rivers was fined $ 25,000 for a verbal outburst toward a fan in a loss to the Utah Jazz on Thursday.Mavericks : It was the Mavericks ' second-largest margin of victory this season after a 111-79 win against Milwaukee on Nov. 18 . ... Dallas improved to 91-60 all-time and 53-23 at home in the series with the Clippers . ... Dallas won the rebound battle 54-38 . LUNCH BREAKNerlens Noel was the only active player that did n't get into the game for the Mavericks , but the center did make a halftime trip to the media room at American Airlines Center for a hot dog . " I heard the hot dogs are very good here , " Carlisle said . " You 'll have to ask him . " Noel , who has n't played since Nov. 22 and is battling a thumb injury , said : " I needed some energy for the second half . " BENCH BOOSTBoosted by Barea and Harris , the Mavericks ' reserves outscored the Clippers ' backups 59-28 and set a season high for reserve scoring . Each player that got into the game for the Mavs had at least two points and a field goal.UP NEXTClippers : Visit the Minnesota Timberwolves on Sunday.Mavericks : Host the Denver Nuggets on Monday .	Barea , Mavericks pound Clippers 108-82
The following article is from the book called “ Succisst ” To be an entrepreneur can be an exciting , fulfilling course for your life . It can mean having freedom , fulfillment and financial success like nothing you ’d experience any other way . When we start out as entrepreneurs , we usually know this and have an extreme passion for making it happen . Then , through experience , we become aware of some of the other realities of entrepreneurship . It can be lonely . It can be scary . It can be overwhelming . Sometimes you do n’t know what you need to do . Sometimes you do n’t even know what you need to know!If these negative aspects of entrepreneurship are more real for you than the positive ones , I have great news for you . Thousands , maybe millions of people have been where you are . You ’re not alone . And there is a way to get back to the exciting life of entrepreneurship that you know is out there . You can succeed at the levels you dream about ( or used to dream about ) . You can have the things you desire and help the people you know you were created to help . What many ultra-successful people wo n’t tell you , though , is that you ca n’t do it alone . Many of us have tried to ‘ go it alone , ’ but it ’s not working out the way we hoped and planned . Help is available ! The key is that you have to connect to people that understand who you are , what you do , and where you ’re trying to go.Why ca n’t do it alone?You need the proper systems in place : Systems are essential for a successful business in the information age . Systems for maximizing your return on investments in online advertising , systems for utilizing social media to increase your brand awareness , social engagement and website traffic , systems for inventory control ( if you ’re in retail ) , or time management if you oversee consultants . You need systems to monitor your cash-flow , and systems for creating cash infusions when you need them . For every aspect of my companies , I ’ve implemented systems to streamline our processes and maximize output and production . You ’ve probably discovered that without the right systems in place , you will not succeed at a high level . Many of us realize we need these systems , but do n’t know how to put them in place . What we need are tried and true systems that have already been tested , improved upon and perfected . Connect with an expert who knows what to do , and how to do it . Putting the proper systems in place is vital , but with the right help , it ’s definitely possible for you!You need to make more money : The goal as business owners is to make money . If you ’re in business and not making money , then it ’s time to do what you have not done to get new results . Entrepreneurs must have income projections and plans to cause an increase to come . Our projects will change based on the level we ’re on . However , one thing is for sure : one phone call with the right person could drastically up-level your income . I once took a call from one of my advisors that tripled my earnings . I received just the right mind shift to make the adjustments in my offering and as a result , sales skyrocketed.Just recently , during a VIP day with one of my clients , she expressed , “ It ’s good to have a coach because they think about things you need before you even know you need it . ” In that meeting , we developed a six-figure product and services strategy for her business . When you ’re ready to make more money , you ’ll need new information and new people in your life to help take you to the next level.You know what to do , but not how to do it : In the information age , it ’s easy to learn what to do . You can look things up on the internet and get a vague idea of steps you might take . You can read books about what you should be doing . There are even some TV shows that will give you advice or ideas of what to do . The problem is that they do n’t tell you how to do it . You might know that you need to turn your volunteer hobby into a cash-generating business , or that you need to change your mindset to get to the next level . You are probably aware of lots of things you should be doing , but you ’re just not sure how to do them . The problem is , information without implementation leads to frustration . Get connected to someone that does n’t just have a vague notion of what it takes to succeed . If you can find someone that knows step by step , piece by piece and level by level how to succeed , it will change your business forever ! Getting this specific information from my mentors has been so important to my success.You ’ve lost sight of your dreams and goals : Sometimes , we forget what we once knew . We start out full of hope . We have big dreams , big plans , we know we were destined to change the world . But then life happens . We have family problems and we put our dreams on hold while we take care of them . Then we have kids , and we think we have to put our dreams on hold while we tend to them ( here ’s some good news , though — you do n’t ! ) Then when our kids are gone , we think we ’re past our prime and it ’s too late to pursue those dreams.You feel stuck : The number one thing that keeps people from achieving more and doing more is their mentality . I ’ve seen it so many times — a person has a sincere desire to do better for themselves and their family , to make a real impact in the world — but their mindset just wo n’t take them there . Deep down , they ’re scared to play a bigger game . They fear failure . They even fear success . They want breakthroughs , but they ’re afraid of what will happen when they finally do break through.To get out of your rut , you have to reprogram your mind to think , see and respond to a winner . Evaluate and eradicate the beliefs and thoughts that keep you repeating the same cycle over and over again . Because of the personal nature of this transformation , I wo n’t name names here . But I ’ve seen my clients break out of their old mentalities over and over again . They join my coaching programs not sure if business is for them.If have any question , please email me anytime , akinefes98@gmail.com	You Ca n’t Do It Alone
The following article is from the book called “ Succisst ” A short story about pleasing : One day a man was going to market with his son and his ass . they met a couple on the way . “ Why walk when you have an ass to ride ? ” called out the husband , “ seat the boy on the ass . ”“ I would like that , ” said the boy , “ help me up father . ” And the father did that willingly.Soon they met another couple . “ How shameful of you ! ” cried the woman , “ let your father ride , wo n’t he be tired ? ” So , the boy got down and the father rode the ass . Again they marched on . “ Poor boy ” , said the next person they met , “ why should the lazy father ride while his son is walking ? ” So , the boy got onto the ass too . As they went on , they met some travelers . “ How cruel of them ! ” They are up to kill the poor ass . ” cried one of the travelers.Hearing this , the father and the son got down . Now they decided to carry the ass on their shoulders . As they did so , the travelers broke into laughter.The laughter frightened the ass . It broke free and galloped away.So , what is the moral ? You ca n’t please everyoneWhy not please everyone?You attract people less : I had always looked up to anyone who had the strength to go out and be themselves . But all too quickly that admiration would turn to adulation . I found myself never speaking up , always going along with whatever they said and did , the eager puppy on their heels . And then , when I looked dispassionately at how they really saw me , there was one overriding word that hit me — weak . Strong people seek strong people to be around , so it was not surprising they were polite but always chose their true friends elsewhere.You love yourself less : Because those very people you wanted to admire , respect , and love you now reject you , you tell yourself that you can not be a lovable person . In desperation you increase your people-pleasing behavior and it becomes a depressing spiral . The gap from the way you act to the way you really want to act widens with every people-pleasing act . This leaves you feeling disappointed and ashamed of who you have become.You become more manipulative : I would often feel resentful when a friend or colleague was asking for yet one more favor . They seemed to be manipulating me , taking advantage . Boy , that was hurtful . But you know , once I ’d looked logically at the way they treated me , I realized it was more down to the way I ’d treated them . I ’d set the rules for their behavior toward me . I ’d been the one to say , “ Hey , that ’s absolutely okay , go ahead . ” In reality , I ’d actually been the one doing the manipulating . Gulp!You ’re seen as less trustworthy : Always agreeing or saying the “ right thing ” seems to be well-intentioned , but however you dress it up , hiding what you think is n’t telling the truth . And as humans we hear alarm bells when we sense that someone is being false . It might seem like just a little white lie to flatter someone ’s ego , but would you trust someone who only ever told you what you wanted to hear ? Someone who hid their true feelings?You end up with less confidence : People find you untrustworthy because you only tell them what they want to hear , so they are hesitant to confide in you . So you never know what they are really thinking either , which leads you to feel less confident in dealing with them.You end up with fewer friends : Trying to please everyone is rooted in the fear of rejection . The irony is , because you end up seeming less attractive and less trustworthy , the very people you are trying to get approval from are often the people who reject you . Maybe not to your face , but in their hearts . Without intimacy , relationships wither and die . And no one wants to be intimate or vulnerable with someone who hides their true feelings.You end up with the worst of both worlds : And what happens if you are trying to please two people who do not like each other ? If you ingratiate yourself with one person and offer friendship , how do you know please that other person without un-pleasing the first ? How do you decide who to please ? It ends with up both of them disliking you as they believe you must be betraying them behind their backs . Who wants a two-faced friend?You become more resentful : I have found this out for myself : you end up resenting the very people you ’re trying to please . You feel they are taking advantage of you . However , when you are being honest , you also beat yourself up for trying to get them to like you by putting their needs before your own . You imagine they only like you because you say yes to their every whim . And in truth , you have no real way of knowing whether this is true or not , so you become more and more resentful of them.You hate the things you used to love : Again , this is something I found from personal experience . For instance , you may love cooking , maybe making cupcakes . So you offer to cook some as a way of getting love and appreciation . But soon you are either cooking them all the time for one person or , once again , you become the go-to person and you end up cooking them for everyone . What used to be an enjoyable pastime now becomes a chore you hate . And you ’re not even sure any more if people actually like your cupcakes or if they are just seen as something free and easy they do n’t need to put any effort into . Which is how you think they see your relationship with them.You fail to please the one person that matters : But the most important reason to stop trying to please everyone has nothing to do with everyone and everything to do with just one person — you . Trying to please everyone is tied into the fear of rejection and the fear of failure . But the biggest failure in life is failing to be yourself . And the biggest rejection in life is rejecting you . By trying to please everyone , you make both these fears come true.If have any question , please email me anytime , akinefes98@gmail.com	Stop Trying to Please Everyone
The parents of a Florida man accused of killing four people over the course of 36 days said in their first public interview Friday that they are “ devastated ” both for their son and for the families of his alleged victims . Howell Emanuel Donaldson III , 24 , was arrested on Nov. 29 for a string of killings in Tampa ’s residential Seminole Heights neighborhood , after he asked a coworker at the McDonald ’s where he was employed to hold on to a bag that contained the gun allegedly used in the killings . The coworker alerted a police officer who happened to be in the restaurant at the time , eventually leading to Donaldson ’s arrest . Days after his arrest , the suspect ’s parents , Howell and Rosita Donaldson , spoke with the Tampa Bay Times about their son , whom they called Trai . During the interview , his parents both offered condolences to the victims ’ families , and expressed support for their son . “ We ’re here to support our son through this , ” Howell Donaldson told the Times . “ And we just want to let the families know that we love them . Our hearts are heavy for their loss . ” “ I felt devastation for the families when it first started , and I prayed for those families when it first started and then , when they arrested my son I felt devastation because I love my son , ” Rosita Donaldson added . “ And then there was disbelief that this was happening to our family and we questioned why . Just why ? Why ? ” The Seminole Heights killings began on Oct. 9 , with the murder of a 22-year-old man . A 32-year-old woman was found dead in a vacant lot two days later , then a 20-year-old man was fatally shot on Oct. 19 . The fourth and final killing , of a 60-year-old man , occurred on Nov. 14 . All of the murders took place at or near bus stops . If convicted , Trai Donaldson could face the death penalty .	' Just Why ? Why ? ' Parents of Suspected Serial Killer Say They Are ' Devastated '
NASSAU , Bahamas — Why do we still care about Tiger Woods ? As Woods has made his eighth career comeback from injury this week playing the Hero World Challenge at Albany Golf Club — where he shot a disappointing 75 on Saturday to fall from contention — this is a question that ’s been often raised with heated passion in reader responses I continue to get through my New York Post email . The sentiments range from those who are tantalized by the possibility of seeing Woods do the otherworldly things he used to do when he dominated in the early 2000s , to Woods haters , who would n’t have a nice thing to say about him even if he found a cure for cancer . There really is no in between when it comes to opinions on Woods . He ’s loved or loathed . Whatever your opinion is , one thing that can not be argued is the fact that there ’s no one in golf — and perhaps in all of sports — who moves the needle in his or her sport more dramatically than Woods does in golf . Case in point : If Woods was not in the Bahamas this week playing in this exclusive , low-key 18-player-field event , the sporting public would pay about as much attention to it as it might a Saturday afternoon TV re-run of “ The Love Boat . ” I understand that Woods is about to turn 42 , has n’t won a tournament since 2013 , has n’t posted a top-10 finish since 2015 and has n’t won a major championship in 10 years . And surely the Woods detractors reveled in I-told-you-so mode seeing him struggle Saturday , falling from a tie for fifth to a tie for 10th entering the final round Sunday , after posting consecutive rounds in the 60s the first two days . But people care . Why does Woods care ? For his two children , Sam and Charlie . They ’ve never seen him do what he does best . They know his accomplishments on the golf course only through YouTube . And Woods burns to be able to show it to them without the wonders of the Internet . Woods loves to tell the story of when he took his kids to see Lionel Messi play a match last year in Miami , being invited into the locker room so they could meet Messi and Woods asked them , “ Is n’t it neat to meet a living legend ? ’’ “ Yeah , we live with one , ’’ Sam told her father . Her reply floored Woods . “ I never thought my kids have understood what I ’ve been able to do in the game of golf because they always think I ’m the YouTube golfer , ’’ he said . “ They ’ve never seen me in action . Charlie was there at Akron [ Ohio ] when I won last time [ at the 2013 WGC-Bridgestone Invitational ] , but he does n’t really remember it , he was too young . “ So most of the stuff they ’ve watched has been on highlight packages . They ’ve never seen what I can do on a golf course . ’’ Nothing would be more special for Woods than having his kids witness him winning again . “ I want them to see what I ’ve been able to do my entire career , ’’ he said . “ I ’ve been fortunate enough to play tournament golf for 37 years , and I want them to experience some of that , have a better understanding of it . “ I do n’t know how long I ’m going to be playing , but I want them to come to a few events . I want them to feel it . I want them to understand it a little bit more . Kind of what Jack [ Nicklaus ] did with his kids , you know ? Having Jackie carry the bag at Augusta , how meaningful that is . My kids came last time to the Masters and they were in the par-3 contest , but that ’s different . It would be neat to have one of them carry the bag in a tournament . ’’ Why do Woods ’ fellow competitors care about his comeback ? Because many of them grew up watching Woods , dreaming about competing against him , but have n’t had the opportunity because he ’s been injured so often.Woods ’ presence at tournaments , too , brings a buzz no other player can . It energizes the players and electrifies the tournaments , makes them more relevant to the outside world . Justin Thomas said people want to see Woods again for “ the same reason ’’ they did “ when Michael Jordan came back to play basketball . ’’ Why do the fans care ? I can understand the sentiments of those who might have Woods fatigue after all of these comebacks and because of the fact he ’s spent so much time in the news for all the wrong reasons — the extramarital-affair scandal in 2009 , the DUI in May and the litany of comebacks . But there is an undeniable fascination that follows Woods whenever he ’s on the golf course . Fans who ’ve witnessed the great things Woods has done in his career , yearn to see another day of it .	Love him or hate him , people still pay attention to Tiger Woods
Madrid ( AFP ) - Catalonia 's deposed leader Carles Puigdemont will remain in Belgium until after the December 21 elections in his native province , as he is fighting extradition to Spain , his lawyer said Saturday.Puigdemont was sacked as Catalan president after holding a banned independence referendum and declaring , on October 27 , that " Catalans have the capacity and the will to become an independent state.And on ( December ) 21 , we must ratify this . " Madrid imposed direct rule on the formerly semi-autonomous region to stop the independence drive.Puigdemont , who is awaiting possible extradition to Spain where he is wanted on charges of rebellion , sedition and misuse of public funds , is running in the election at the head of the Junts per Catalunya ( " All for Catalonia " in Catalan ) grouping.It comprises people from his conservative , separatist PDeCAT party as well as members of civil society . " No matter what , they will be ( in Brussels ) till at least December 21 and according to my calculations this could go on till mid-January , " lawyer Jaume Alonso Cuevillas told Catalan radio Rac1 , referring to Puigdemont and four of his former ministers.They all fled to Belgium in October , ignoring a summons to appear in court in Spain , claiming they would not get a fair trial . " I am convinced that no matter what happens they will have recourse to an appeal , " the lawyer said.Puigdemont had hoped to form a united separatist front for the new elections , as was the case in the region 's last elections in 2015 , when the pro-independence camp secured a majority of 72 seats in the 135-seat parliament , even though it won just 47.8 percent of the vote.But ERC -- the party of his former vice-president Oriol Junqueras , who stayed in Spain and was remanded in custody by a judge investigating him and other former regional ministers on the same charges as Puigdemont -- rejected a joint ticket .	Puigdemont will remain in Belgium till Catalan elections over
Instantly , Jarrett Jack understood everything he had ever heard . The hype was warranted . The buzz was confirmed . The Georgia Tech freshman walked into Madison Square Garden for the first time — 15 years ago this week , to face Marist — and walked out with a memory that still makes the 34-year-old smile like a kid . Now , at his ninth NBA stop , he remains amazed it is home . “ You know how everyone ’s always like , ‘ The Garden this , the Garden that , ’ but as soon as I walked on the court I was like , that feeling , I get it now , ” Jack said . “ The atmosphere is something that makes you be a little more locked in . Maybe it ’s the lights , with that [ theatrical ] - type setting that it has . Maybe it ’s [ the people ] sitting courtside . Maybe it ’s that rowdy , raucous crowd that takes you back to the high school feel , sometimes . “ I ’m getting used to it , but it does n’t get old . Every time I run out there and I hear the “ Dun dun dun , ” the classic stuff that they play over the PA system … me and my brother are sitting around all the time , being like I ca n’t believe we get to be a part of this . You ’ve seen Madison Square Garden in movies , sports , concerts , and for it [ to ] be somewhere that you work is amazing . ” Jack ’s first season with the Knicks — his 13th in the league — has quietly helped make the building reach its potential again . Originally a candidate to be cut from the overcrowded roster at this point in the season , the veteran point guard has been far more vital than the Knicks ever anticipated when signing him in September . Entering Sunday ’s game against the Magic at the Garden , Jack ranks 16th in the league in assists ( 5.9 ) , 11th in assist to turnover ratio ( 3.53 ) , and second in the NBA in assist ratio ( 43.0 ) , which measures the percentage of a player ’s individual possessions that end in an assist . The Knicks , meanwhile , are fifth in the league in assists per game ( 23.4 ) , after ranking 19th , and 26th , the previous two seasons . “ When I got here I kind of gauged the lineup of the guys I was playing with … [ and ] it calls for somebody within that five , to kind of be like , ‘ Hey man , I ca n’t try and barge my way into the offense . ’ “ I ’ve got to sacrifice for the betterment of everybody and it ’s been productive for us , ” Jack said following practice Saturday . “ I ’m all good with just setting the table , understanding my role and knowing what ’s been great and positive for the team . “ I just try to be an extension of whatever coach wants to have happen out there , and I try to relay it as best as I can to the guys and just keep the consistency of the offense and the defense , as well as the team ’s morale . … I think it ’s my job to kind of set the template and keep it as even-keeled as I can . ” If not for Jack being limited to 34 games over the past two seasons with injuries , coach Jeff Hornacek believes the guard might not have been available . “ Jarrett had a lot of good years and injuries slowed him down , ” Hornacek said . “ He ’s got a great basketball mind and gets things set up , and calls them out early enough so that guys know early in the shot clock what we ’re doing . He ’s stepped into that leadership and point guard spot and done a great job . ” Particularly in leading a roster with so many new pieces , including Enes Kanter , Tim Hardaway Jr. , Doug McDermott , Frank Ntilikina and Michael Beasley . “ He helps everyone a lot , ” Kanter said . “ He helps the point guards a lot . He helps the bigs a lot . … He ’s unbelievable helping me , every time I ’m on the court and I forget about the set . He knows everything . ”	How Jarrett Jack ’s ‘ sacrifice ’ has revived the Knicks offense
Scott Frost is expected will be named the next head coach at Nebraska , the Cornhuskers announced Saturday . Frost will return to his alma mater for a seven-year deal that will pay approximately $ 35 million . He will be introduced Sunday in Lincoln . “ It is a great honor and privilege to have the opportunity to return to Nebraska and to lead the Husker football program , ” Frost said . “ I have been fortunate to be at a wonderful school the last two years , but Nebraska is a special place with a storied tradition and a fan base which is second to none . I am truly humbled to be here . The state of Nebraska and the Husker program mean a great deal to me . This is home . “ I am appreciative of the confidence Bill Moos and our University leadership have in me to lead this program . I would not have the opportunity to be in this position without a lot of great people who have helped me throughout my career . Specifically , I would like to thank Coach Osborne who has played such an integral role in my life over the past two decades , both on and off the field . Go Big Red ! ” Frost led UCF to an 11-0 regular season and a spot in the American Athletic Conference Championship game , where the Knights defeated Memphis 62-55 in double overtime . He was Nebraska ’s No . 1 target from well before the Huskers let Mike Riley go . UCF athletic director Danny White said Frost and his staff will continue to coach the team through the bowl game . A former Nebraska quarterback from 1995-97 , Frost turned away interest from Florida and deflected questions about his future in the days leading up to the AAC championship game . Frost ’s coaching reputation grew as an Oregon assistant , first under Chip Kelly and then as offensive coordinator after Kelly ’s departure . He took over a UCF program that had been winless in 2015 and went 6-7 , setting the stage for this year ’s success .	Scott Frost named new coach at Nebraska
NEW YORK ( AP ) — The man who replaced Garrison Keillor as host of " A Prairie Home Companion " says the allegations against Keillor came as " heartbreaking news . " Chris Thile on Saturday addressed alleged improper conduct by Keillor in the opening minutes of the first show to be broadcast since news of the allegations broke.Thile says the country is in the middle of a movement he believes represents progress . He says people are recognizing the " harmful power imbalance that women have had to endure for so long in our culture . " Minnesota Public Radio , the show 's producer , ended its relationship with Keillor after what it said were allegations of improper behavior with a person who worked with him on " Prairie Home . " Keillor says he touched a woman 's bare back as he tried to console her , and that he apologized.Thile , Keillor 's hand-picked successor , took over the show in 2016 after Keillor retired.The name of the radio show will be changed , but a spokeswoman for MPR says Sunday that a new name had not yet been chosen .	Keillor 's successor : Misconduct allegations ' heartbreaking '
Health officials have become increasingly alarmed at campaigns aimed at blocking the take-up of the human papilloma virus ( HPV ) vaccine , which protects women against cervical cancer . Three leading nations have now seen major reductions in the take-up of the vaccine and a growing number of doctors fear its use could be blocked elsewhere , despite its capacity to provide protection against a condition that kills hundreds of thousands of women a year . Last week , doctors and health officials gathered in Dublin – centre of one of the most vociferous anti-vaccine campaigns – to discuss future tactics . Many believe the use of social media has added new impetus to anti-vaccine campaigners ’ protests , and that this factor has been closely involved in the success of the attacks that have been made on immunisation programmes . “ Whenever a new vaccine is introduced , there is always a group of people who say it is unsafe , ” said Professor Margaret Stanley of Cambridge University . “ But the HPV vaccine seems to raise extraordinary levels of hostility . ” Japan , Ireland and Denmark have already witnessed sustained campaigns that have seen take-up rates plummet . ( UK take-up rates are high . ) In each case , the vaccine – which scientists insist is safe – has been linked to alleged cases of seizures , walking problems , and neurological issues . Photographs have been exchanged and video clips uploaded to YouTube . “ The vaccine is given at the age of 13 when young people are highly emotional and react to events very strongly , ” said Stanley . “ In addition , some parents feel they might be encouraging promiscuity by allowing their daughters to be vaccinated against a virus that spreads through sexual contact . Add to this the use of social media and you have quite an explosive mixture . ” The controversy about the HPV vaccine was also raised last week when doctor Riko Muranaka – who has stood up to intimidation from anti-vaccine groups in Japan – was awarded the international John Maddox prize for promoting science in the public interest . In Japan , parents have posted videos of their children online , claiming symptoms of seizures and walking problems were caused by the HPV jab . Japan ’s health ministry could find no evidence the vaccine was to blame , but take-up rates have plunged from more than 70 % to less than 1 % . “ With this vaccine we could prevent many deaths from cervical cancer in Japan , but we are not taking the opportunity , ” Muranaka said . Delegates in Dublin outlined one possible solution that has been adopted in Austria , where doctors now give the HPV vaccine to both girls and boys ( who will gain protection against a form of throat cancer in later life ) . Crucially , the jab is also given at an earlier age : around nine . “ The apparent link with alleged promiscuity is not perceived to be so strong at this age and the timing also comes when children tend to be less emotional , ” said Stanley . “ Giving the vaccine a few years earlier than at present could be very effective . ” Responding quickly to claims of links between outbreaks of ill-health and vaccination is also extremely important , said Heidi Larson , of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine . “ England reached 87 % full-dose coverage in 2014 , having averted a potential public public confidence crisis in 2009 when a 14-year-old girl died after being vaccinated . Health officials expressed concern , promptly investigated the girl ’s death and found it unrelated to the vaccine . ” For their part , scientists insist that the HPV vaccine is safe and effective . It protects against the two strains of the human papilloma virus that are most commonly linked to cervical cancer , and which account for more than 80 % of cases . “ Globally there are around 528,000 new cases of cervical cancer and 266,000 deaths linked to human papilloma virus a year , ” said Larson . “ The HPV vaccine has the potential to eradicate the vast majority of these . ” This point was emphasised by Prof Helen Bedford of University College London , who said that although the HPV vaccine had only been in use for around a decade , its benefit were already being observed : “ Impressive data are already accumulating to show the impact of the vaccine in reducing HPV infections and pre-cancerous cervical lesions . ” In 20 years , that reduction should be mirrored in a corresponding drop in deaths from cervical cancer , added Stanley . “ Given that cervical cancer often kills women who are relatively young – sometimes in their 20s or 30s – the benefits of this vaccine are particularly sharp . ” This article originally appeared on The Guardian	Fears for women ’s health as parents reject HPV vaccine
Being so young , you realize how long you have left to live . I have spent the last 17 years in school pursuing a goal . Once you reach that goal , one you have been told you must complete your entire life , there is no set rule book for what your next steps should be.The freedom I now have is one I have never experienced before . No one is asking me to do anything , I am not beholden to anyone but myself . I can fortunately , or unfortunately , say this since I am approaching 6 months post college with no full time job to drain my energy or consume my 9 – 5 mind . I am constantly distracted by the “ what ifs ” . One day I am selling myself as someone who wants to work in advertising , the next , Design Innovation . A week later I want to be a filmmaker.I bounce around from idea to idea for what I want my life to be . While doing so I never feel like I am making any tangible progress.The freedom I have is terrifying . I am responsible for getting what I want now . I am no longer inside of an institution that is bending over backwards to incubate me with pet projects so I stay busy and develop myself as viable for the workforce . Its a feeling of detachment at times . I am constantly inside of my head , thinking of ways to take what is inside of my mind and manifest it into something to be experienced . Its a self centered view of yourself to bet on others to care about what you want to show them , and actually enjoy it . I am 1 of 320 million Americans . If you are optimistic , everyone of us has a dream that we are trying to achieve , and if you are pessimistic , everyone of them are in the way.I think the a flaw of being human is being stuck inside the self . You are consumed by yourself and what you want for yourself because , especially as a young person of the 21st century who is lucky enough to not have children or burdened financially , you are your responsibility . I have the freedom to do and be who I want , as long as I put the energy into it.But for me , I have Career ADD.The shifting in focus stems from my fear that I will never be good enough at what I think I am capable of . I love learning about how the world and how people work . Thats why I chose to study Anthropology . I am allowed to observe , read a few books , and write down that I see . If everyone on the planet was aware of what an anthropologist does , there would be 7 billion people on this planet roaming around who are entirely too self aware and it would n’t be any fun . I want to process the world I see and experience and produce masterpieces . Once , an uber driver told meI was a “ renaissance ” . One of my favorite professors described my writing as “ essayist ” . I have enough humility to not read too into that , but when someone who reads and writes for a living tells you this or when a person whose job it is to interact with many people tells you this , they ca n’t possibly make it up.I ’m no Leonardo da Vinci , but I do feel a connection to figures like him . Someone whose mind is blessed enough to not limit their capacity for expertise is inspiring . Maybe my downfall was being told I was gifted at a young age , but the path I went on landed me a degree from UVA . I never want to live a life where I feel limited . There is an entire world out there that my mind wants to consume . If I am only given one life , I sure as hell am going to make sure I do everything I can possible to make it worth it .	Who do you ( I ) want to be ?
I ’ve been working with ( read ‘ teaching ’ ) a few 7 year old and 3 year old children and I have a lot to say about what could be wrong with the Nigeria curriculum compared to the British and maybe the American curricula .3 year old R is my newest student . I started working with him nearly a month ago and he is enrolled into an ‘ international ’ school that uses the Nigerian curriculum.What I do with my 3 year old students when I first meet them is teach them to write their name that is if I see that they can already recognize and write the letters in the alphabet . R ’s mum was not around when I met him so I decided to test his knowledge . He was quite the bright and confused child who could not differentiate some numbers but that was okay by me . I found that he got easily bored and very distracted but he also loved to dance and sing so I quickly made a song that spelled his name and in no time , he was singing and spelling his name . After our session , I met his mother who was quite shocked that in less than an hour of teaching him , R could now spell his name . She explained that his teachers thought he needed extra attention because he got too distracted in school and all the while this lady was explaining , I noted the worry of a mother in her voice.Let us leave R for a while and talk about A and L who are also aged 3 . A is female and attends a school that uses both Nigeria and British curriculum while L ( male ) attends a British school . Both children are academically sound . L started off slow and got his parents worried because while his friends who attended schools that used Nigeria curriculum , had started to write their letters and numbers , he could not even hold a pencil let alone identify the letters in the alphabet . When I started work with him two months ago , he simply did not want to study . I saw that he loved to play so I made study a fun thing . Two months later , L can write and read properly . He also looks forward to our lessons and never wants it to end . Thankfully his school does not load him with homework so he has enough time to comprehend what we learn . A who attends a school that mixes both curricula , is also a brilliant child . Even though she comes home with homework and textbooks , she is not made to memorise spellings which means , rather than teach her that ‘ C A T ’ spells CAT , she is made to sound the letters so that she understands how to spell and pronounce new words . This is how I teach all my students . “ The problem is not with the child ” , I explained to R ’s mother , “ it is with the school and the curriculum used . This boy should not be in this school but in one that uses the British curriculum as well as the Nigeria one because schools that teach only with the Nigerian curriculum do not consider that there are students who simply do not comprehend learning theoretically ; it does not leave provision for kids who can not memorize spellings ” . Unlike schools that incorporate other curriculum especially the British curriculum , the Nigerian ones teach kids ahead of their classes and impose textbooks on them . Take R for instance , he gets homework that should be given to kids aged 5 . For a child who mixes up his alphabets and numbers and is only just learning to read , he is told to start addition of large numbers ! He uses books for primary schools yet he is supposedly a pre-primary student.I can not entirely blame his parents for enrolling him in a school that uses the Nigeria curriculum , however in these times , it is important for schools to do better as per the students they take in and determine what sort of learning ability that they have . The education board in Nigeria has a lot to do regarding incorporating play time in the curriculum and reviewing texts that are given to the students . An average 3 year old should not be made to do complex homework because s/he is only just beginning to comprehend letters and numbers.I used to feel that parents who paid huge sums to enroll their children in genuine international schools were not patriotic but I see how the ‘ patriotic ’ ones are making their kids suffer without knowing . The Nigeria curriculum is like an abusive parent who forces the child to follow a certain pattern , thinking it is for the child ’s good when it really just damages the child later . This curriculum tells the child to memorize rather than improvise . I think that it is important the curriculum changes to meet the needs of the modern child who is insistent on not being forced to learn because otherwise , more parents will move their children to British schools.So what do I think is wrong with the Nigeria system of education ? 1 . It is more theoretic than pragmatic i.e. students are made to learn based on what the textbooks say . This does not challenge the students to think ; rather they are mostly made to agree with everything because that is what the books say .2 . It churns out mechanical graduates i.e. because the students are not challenged to think and be creative , they in turn do not challenge some theories and if they do have questions , they become afraid to ask because the books can not be wrong .3 . Many unintelligent graduates i.e. if one has to pass , one only has to memorize . If all I have to know is that C A T spells CAT , why attempt to question what C A R T spells ? 4 . It does not favor early learning i.e. all that I have written up there about R . If R is not worked on at this point , he will very likely be so confused because he is not learning at his own pace.Like I always say , I am a very lazy writer . This means I get tired after writing more than a thousand words . I do hope someone somewhere understands what message I am trying to pass across as I desperately want to put a period to this epistle . However the question is , ‘ who should we scold for not teaching the kids according to their learning pace ? ’ a. The parents ( for enrolling the child ) ; b. The school ( for not paying attention to the child ’s academic needs ) ; orc . The country ( for not reviewing the curriculum and imposing texts on students ) ?	Nigeria : Education and the curriculum
I did n't say all -- just some . And it 's mostly the boys . The ones at my high school act like complete clowns . They wear all these Gucci belts and bring Beats stereos to school , just to play some rap music . Yet they do n't have a book bag . Being poor is definitely not an excuse for them . They live in the same neighborhood as me , and it 's not in the ghetto or anything . Of course , any kid , regardless of race , can act this way . But it seems the black kids are the ones who go out of their way to make people hate them . How do you expect people to respect you when you walk around with your pants sagging , throwing up gang signs , and rapping about how many btches you have fcked ? They want people to hate them . I do n't know why . If they do n't like school , drop out . Either flip burgers at a fast food joint or beg for money on the streets while you live in a cardboard box . Do n't bring your idiocy to school . And yes , this issue does bother me because I have to deal with it on a weekly basis . I 'm just trying to do best in school right now .	Why do n't some black kids care about school ?
In November , word broke that Disney and 21st Century Fox had begun to discuss the possibility of Disney acquiring most of Fox ’s film and television assets , but just as quickly , it became clear that those discussions had since ended . Now , it seems as though those talks are back on , according to a report in The Wall Street Journal . The WSJ cites reports of people familiar with the situation who say that the talks are currently active and are gaining momentum , although it ’s possible that they could once again fall through . As previously rumored , the talks concern Fox ’s movie and television studios , international assets , and some domestic television networks , excluding Fox News and Sports . Rupert Murdoch and his family are reportedly expected to decide whether or not to sell by the end of the year . If the deal goes through , it would mean a huge addition to Disney ’s already vast content library . Amongst Fox ’s assets are some Marvel properties such as its X-Men franchise as well as James Cameron ’s Avatar franchise , all of which would likely be welcome additions to Disney ’s upcoming streaming service . The Economist had an interesting piece about Murdoch looking to sell significant parts of his empire at what could well be their peak price . By d0mth0ma5 on 12.02.17 5:00 pm Ugh . So I guess all our entertainment must come from Disney in the future , huh ? … or Netflix or Amazon . But the bonus is , everyone can stop moaning about geoblocking . There will be three ( or maybe four ) global streaming services and they will all make their own exclusive content . What , you thought there was any other solution to geoblocking besides severe industry consolidation ? By nerdrage on 12.02.17 5:26 pm Rupert Murdoch really does n’t want to get rid of his propaganda machine . Selling everything but Fox News . By Saljen on 12.02.17 5:09 pm More like , nobody wants to buy Murdoch ’s propaganda machine . News is n’t a very lucrative business compared with entertainment , where you can sell the same content over and over to a global audience and amortize the hell out of the costs . But what counts as " truth " in one place is " propaganda " elsewhere . Ca n’t globalize news . By nerdrage on 12.02.17 5:28 pm Make x-men great again . FF4 never was good , sorry , except for a couple of histories from John Byrne .	Disney is once again in talks to acquire 21st Century Fox
This past week has been a busy one for me . In addition to us finalizing and working out of our office space , we ’ve had a few tech issues come up that we ’ve needed to fix , and I ’ve also given two different talks , one on AI and one on startups in general.Getting out there and speaking with the community has been an enlightening experience for myself . There have definitely been some common trends . Inevitably , whenever I talk about what I do , someone asks a question about Bitcoin or the blockchain . If you ’ve seen any of my other posts , you know I have a lot to say about those . In addition to questions about blockchain , I get a lot of questions about data collection and cleaning , where AI is going , and also whether AI is going to take everyone ’s job away.It ’s no secret that automation is affecting virtually every industry right now . From automated kiosks to self-driving cars to front office reallocations , automated processes are making business operations ever more efficient . Given the noticeable progression of AI and automation , a lot of people have been asking me what I think AI is going to do to jobs.This is obviously a loaded question.If you take a look back throughout humanity ’s history , a common thread across all cultures and time periods is the development of new innovations . It ’s true that many of these new innovations made prior jobs obsolete . But usually , what I ’ve seen , at least , is that this obsolescence happens in slow waves , rather than in quick spikes.Various countries and companies are faster to catch on than others . Older workers retire , and companies may choose to replace their productivity with machines , rather than new workers . Automated methodologies may work better in some areas than in others . In virtually all areas , what you tend to see is automation improving quality of life while slowly phasing out obsolete tasks.I believe that AI will be no different , at least when considering the next 20 years , after we get to the singularity , all bets are off.But if you just look at the foreseeable future , I bet you ’ll start to see a lot of the same patterns that you saw when other major innovations became mainstream.Large , existing corporations will likely take longer to change their processes , allowing workers from older generations to retire . Even if they can automate much of what humans do today , corporations have a lot of legal , regulatory , financial , and HR considerations to take into account when making far reaching changes.Smaller startups will likely start to use many new AI technologies first , but those very same companies would likely never have been started with AI available to propel them forward in the first place.Even if corporations wanted to replace workers en masse , they likely would n’t be able to , not given the state of AI today.Even though AI has come a long way , we ’re still far from the days where AI can make a simple judgment call on a problem that has multifaceted issues . A common theme I ’m seeing among the people I talk to is that there ’s this feeling that AI will be better , faster , stronger , and more importantly , smarter than humans in short order.Having worked in this field for a while , I do n’t believe that ’s going to be the case . The AI that we ’re developing today is optimized for very specific tasks , and even though they can do things that only humans could do until recently , they ’re a long way from being able to “ think ” and solve complicated problems.I think they ’ll get there , but I think it ’ll take a while , perhaps longer than any of our existing lifespans will allow us to see.There ’s no question that AI , driven by machine learning , has made gigantic strides in a short amount of time . But those strides come in spurts , with deep learning , reinforcement learning , and transfer learning having just now stepped into the spotlight.And even the brightest innovators in this space acknowledge the massive shortcomings in the underlying methodologies of these learning algorithms . So for now , I think the best thing to do is continue to learn new skills and improve yourself , be aware of how you can use new data-driven processes to do your job better , and keep on keeping on , that is , at least until Google comes up with a machine that can tell you otherwise .	AI Wo n’t Make You Lose Your Job , Yet
1 ) Create a multisig wallet2 ) Deposit your coins into the multisig wallet3 ) Give 3rd parties keys required to sign any transaction from your wallet.How to do this safelyTo be as safe as possible you should make sure the 3rd parties are dispersed across the globe in various different jurisdictions preferably non communist countries and make sure you never reveal who these people are to anyone for any reason . Make sure they know not to approve any transactions when you ’re under duress no matter the consequences.What this doesIt makes it so even if you ’re detained , kidnapped , or otherwise being pressured to do something with your funds there is no possibility of you being able to comply without cooperation from the 3rd parties who need to sign off on transactions for funds to move.Will this keep your funds safe?Yes and no depending on your definition of protect in this context and why someone is trying to do something with your funds ( such as a hacker ) or compel you to do something with your funds ( such as governments or criminals ) against your will this ( when done properly ) should prevent you from losing your funds against your will at least for a time.How this protects youIt makes it take time for 3rd parties to get your finds if they are even ultimately ever able.It makes it expensive for governments to seize your funds due to needing to traverse other legal jurisdictions to force the other signatories required participation in the unlocking your funds.It makes it virtually impossible for hackers to take your funds even if your personal private key is compromised.Flaws with thisYou have to trust other humans who are susceptible to outside influence and have the free will to act against your wishes.You might be arrested , killed , or have other undesirable consequences.Currently the only multisig wallet I trust is Armory . I will update the post if I find any that seem suitable for other cryptocurrency.Until the technology exists to detect duress when unlocking encrypted files I currently know of no way to achieve the same level of protection without trusting 3rd parties .	How to protect your digital currency from governments , criminals , and hackers .
Our society is growing up . Putting Christmas decorations up in public neglects groups like Buddhists , Jews , and Jehovah 's Witnesses . It also does not represent any of the traditions of the American Indian peoples.In short , many minority groups should not ho-ho-ho about red and green Christmas lights in public places like college campuses.Public areas should be a safe space for people of all creeds and ethnicities , especially ones that we , specifically , have oppressed.Shutting down Christmas in public represents a societal reawakening of fairness and redistribution ; a beautiful world.We could talk about the tradition of Christmas decorations in public , but as the great Karl Marx said , “ History does nothing ; it does not possess immense riches , it does not fight battles . ” Our fight is one for equality and its warriors are us , Millennials.That is why I am encouraging every high school and college age thinker to challenge public Christmas decorations with all of their might.Challenge them in conversation . Challenge them on college campuses and around the world : the “ Merry Christmas ” signs in Boston College dorm rooms , the tinsel at Ohio State fraternity houses , and the references to Cindy Lou-Who in popular culture.This offensive image shows a cat pawing at decorations made to celebrate Anglo-Saxon imperialism.The story of “ The Grinch ” is really a celebration of the corpocracy .	“ Christmas decorations ” ? Let ’s include others with holiday decorations
TL ; DR : Many of our fans and users are wondering about how the Credit Protocol deals with debt enforcement.The Credit Protocol is a base platform that enables third parties to build lending apps.The “ Trust ” and “ Enforcement ” are functions of the apps built on top of the Credit Protocol.Similar to how we trust Amazon delivery — which is built on top of a base protocol ( HTTP ) . Summary Detail : How are debts enforced on the Credit Protocol ? We get this question often.Actually , the Credit Protocol ( CP ) is the base mechanism that enables other parties to build functional and trusted dApps ( decentralized apps ) on top of its core abilities . The function of the CP is to build the train tracks — so you ( and others ) can build the dApps that run on top of it.The elements of trust , security , and enforcement will vary with the types of debts . For a lunch between friends it will be different than a car loan or a home mortgage . For a pair of concert tickets between strangers , different measures are needed than taking out a college loan . For this reason , various dApps built on top of the Credit Protocol will have their own enforcement mechanisms , and marketed to consumers and lenders as such.More / Technical Detail : The Credit Protocol is a protocol that stores credits and debts on the blockchain between two parties . These debts are stored with a memo indicating the reason for them . In order for these debts to occur , both parties need to cryptographically authorize the debt and credit . Notice until now we ’ve said nothing about what kind of debt is stored , what currency the debts are in , what kind of debt it is , how large the debt is or what types of entities the debts are between . That ’s because this type of information is separate from the protocol.The idea behind protocols is that they are simple and broad . One of the most common and well known protocols http ( Hypertext Transfer Protocol ) performs the simple and broad task of enabling data to be transmitted for the world wide web . Notice that it does n’t say how you can guarantee Amazon will actually ship you a book after you payed for it online . Other entities are responsible for building Amazon , other entities are responsible for the payment systems enabling online purchases through Amazon , other entities are responsible for the law enforcement should Amazon decide to take your money , but never deliver the product.The Credit Protocol functions in a very similar way . It allows dApps to be built on it and hooked in through UCACs ( use case authority contracts ) , but those dApps are not controlled nor governed by the Credit Protocol . Through those dApps different businesses can build their own debt or credit businesses , or fun projects and it ’s up to these businesses and the laws governing them to figure out enforcement when someone does n’t pay their debts.For example , if a bank started using the Credit Protocol to record debts it gives out , because of the reliability of the blockchain , that bank would still use the same mechanisms it does today to enforce that debt . On the other hand , if the bank started doing cryptocurrency collateralization , it would still be subject to the same lending laws it is today , but would be able to enforce debt non-payment by seizing those cryptocurrency assets used as collateral ( within the specific laws of the jurisdiction of the bank ) . None of this enforcement specifically involves the Credit Protocol . All enforcement is done by the businesses built atop the Credit Protocol and they are subject to the same regulations as other lending businesses . / / Blockmason Team	How does the Credit Protocol deal with enforcing debts ?
by Kelly Baumgarth , Mandisa Cole , Jon Delaney ( Alex1235921 ) , Ireland Gennari , and Jenna Raffel “ Just as we need to learn to drive a car safely , we need to learn how to drive the internet safely . Again , this is another tool that increases our freedom , increases our ability to do things , but also has great potential danger . But we do n’t get in cars thinking oh , I could get addicted . ” Initial ResearchTo better understand the phone addiction problem at hand , we took to the web to better understand the background to the problem . Our research began by diving into user research to find real people that took to the web to share with the world their struggles and the steps they took to conquer phone addiction . The following is an excerpt from a mother with a young child who attempted it all to beat phone addiction , with the goal of spending more quality time with her child , while he was still young.I had read articles with tips on how to break social media addiction.-Have designated times of the day where you check social media-Set a timer-Hide your phone out of sight-Have your partner change your password-Delete the app entirelyI even installed an app that would block certain social media apps for a time period . You had to wait out the time or restart your phone . If my urge was strong I ’d restart and be back to scrolling . I tried it all and nothing seemed to stick . The urge was too strong and I ’d end up back to my old habits in no time at all . I did n’t want to miss a thing ! I had FOMO — fear of missing out . Straight up FOMO!For this mother , it was the attachment to her phone that had developed over years that she was now , as an adult , struggling to break . She had been on her phone , connected to social media , for so long that she felt a disconnect from the world when she was n’t on her phone.This insight sparked us to dive deeper , to where the root of phone addictions begin : childhood . To better understand the effects of the screen on children , our research consisted of learning from psychologists . These psychologists offered two perspectives : the damages of phone addiction on the youth , but also the psychological benefits they have.We discovered an article published by the New York Post written by psychologist Dr. Nicholas Kardaras , telling a patient story of a mother and her 6 year old son ’s progressive development into screen addiction . The mother originally let her son have an IPad when he entered the first grade , upon the persuasion of his teacher . He began playing educational games , but soon took to Minecraft . The teacher assured the mom Minecraft was just “ electronic legos ” , so the mother let her son play away . After a while she started to become concerned when her son spent less time going out and playing baseball , something he loved to do , and refused to do his chores , all so he could spent more screen time on Minecraft.Her son started to become so addicted to the game he would tell her in the mornings he could see the cube shapes in his dreams . One night she went into his bedroom to check on her sleeping son . To the mother ’s dismay she entered the room to her son sitting straight up in bed , bloodshot eyes , with the Minecraft glow of the IPad next to him . He was staring off into the distance , in a kind of trance , that the panicked mother had to shake her son out of.According to a 2013 Policy Statement by the American Academy of Pediatrics , 8 - to 10 year-olds spend 8 hours a day with various digital media while teenagers spend 11 hours in front of screens . One in three kids are using tablets or smartphones before they can talk.Dr . Kardaras went on to state that in his time he has found it easier to treat heroin addicts than a child that has crossed the line into tech addiction the way this son has . Developmental psychology states that a healthy child needs social interaction , imaginative play , and interaction with the real world ; however , tech addiction stunts this fundamental process within a child.Furthering our research , we came across an article that works as a counter argument to the case mentioned above . While not dismissing the work as a whole , this article breaks down the extremities , while additionally adding the benefits technology can have on a child . The following was said in regards to the case of the mother finding her son in a technology induced , trance-like state : Michael Rich , the director of the Center on Media and Child Health at Boston Children ’s Hospital , says that he has seen cases of problematic interactive media use that keep children up at night . But , he adds , “ I ’ve also had kids who have been found staring wide-eyed and bloodshot at Harry Potter at two in the morning . ” While not discrediting the experience the mother underwent with her son , the article does raise a valid point , although technology addiction can have negative side effects on a child , that is true of other addictions as well . The article carries on to state studies that have found benefits of technology on children ; ex : iPads are just as effective as conventional sedatives at keeping kids calm right before surgery ; virtual reality training helped boost social skills and cognition in young adults with autism ; and in a study gamers had a higher chance than non-gamers of performing better at school and a lower chance of experiencing problems with their peers.The one thing that both articles were able to agree on is that it is a parental responsibility to monitor a child ’s screen time . While technology can be beneficial for children , a fine line develops between where it is helping a child versus spurring a downhill slope into technology addiction that will be a struggle to recover from.User ResearchConcluding the research stages , we established that it would be most beneficial to set our target user as the younger generation . The problem of screen addiction initiates young and further develops on into adulthood ; therefor , we wanted to find a way to limit phone addiction when young so the trait would be stopped , or at least controlled , as to not carry over into adulthood.To get into the mindset of the users we are attempting to target , our next step was to craft personas . These personas allowed us to reflect on our own childhood experiences , with the addition to what we have observed in the world around us with the new technology raised youth.Persona 1 is an 11 year old boy who gets good grades in school , while also enjoying reading and soccer . His school has just started switching to electronic textbooks , so he is required to have a tablet or laptop for school . While still doing his school work on the device , the boy has also taken to playing more and more online games in his free time.Persona 2 is a 15 year old girl who has just made her first Instagram account . She loves seeing the photos of what all her friends are doing , while also being able to see into the lavish life of celebrities . On multiple occurrences she has found herself pulling up the app , scrolling through next photos , and continuously refreshing to look for anything new she may have missed.These personas showed us that the main things that lead to phone addiction in youth is games and social media.Concept DevelopmentOur initial research proved that if someone is truly addicted to their screen , they will find a way to get around an app that is attempting to limit them . Because the youngest generation is especially tech savvy , having grown up with technology all their lives , we knew that if there was any application loophole , they would find it.This all in mind , our group came up with the concept of a modified product : the IPhone Kids . IPhone Kids is designed with child users in mind , placing limits to help better control the fine line of beneficial versus addictive.The IPhone Kids limits how many and of what kinds of applications may be placed on the phone , dependent upon the child ’s age . An example of this is children of 5 – 8 years of age may only be able to have limited google access , phone calling , and one game on their device ; while a slightly older child ranging from 9 – 15 may be given a bit more freedom , consisting of more internet access , as well as one social media . With stages in place , the idea stemmed that easing a child into screen accessibility would limit the ease of becoming addicted at a young age . If a child is only allowed 1 game on their device , they are unable to switch to a new game , and thus are more likely to become bored overtime and put the device down . Additionally , the phone comes with a parental lock application that is unable to be deleted from the device . This parental lock allows parents to have the ability to give their child more phone access whenever they feel just ; however , the phone does come with recommendations of when the access should be expanded upon for a child . As well as limiting what may be on the device , the parental control also features the ability to override power down the device at any time , and it is unable to be turned back on until the parents phone allows it . This way is a parent has felt their child is becoming too attached to the screen , they can power off the device remotely , forcing the child off the screen and into the real world . A parent has the ability to reward good behavior with more screen access , while on the other hand revoking access for groundings.Keeping the company in mind , Apple would not mind the additional product because it would result in an increase in sales . They would have an overall increase in sales in the beginning , because more families would be drawn toward the idea of purchasing a screen for their child , knowing they are now able to heavily monitor and have access to controlling the technology . Additionally , later on the families would purchase an additional phone when the child has come of age that the parental control is no longer necessary and the child is ready for full screen access.PrototypingFor the prototyping stage , we constructed a solid 3D printed shell of an IPhone , to as closely resemble the structure and feel of a phone in the tester ’s hand . We left an insert opened on the side of the model so that a paper screen could be inserted for the user testing stages.Digital RenderingPrototype TestingAfter prototyping , we interviewed to a family of six to test the product . We focused specifically on the feedback from the youngest child , Aristyn , and her mother , Aimee . Aristyn is a ten year old girl who enjoys singing , taekwondo , and most of all , playing on her iPad . She currently alternates between four games , her favorite being Minecraft , but most of her time is spent on youtube watching vloggers . When asked her average hourly usage per day , Aristyn estimated about four hours . She admitted that she would probably spend less time behind her screen if she had “ something else to do , ” because she does wish her family spent more quality time together . This showed us an incentive of family time through the iPhone Kids program may be effective . As the interview continued , it became evident how serious the screen addiction of the youngest generation has become . In fact , Aristyn became slightly defensive when we explained our solution of children having less access with their technology . Of course , children who already have this addiction will not have an extremely accepting reaction to limiting their access , but ultimately , it is an attempt to better social skills between family and friends.To get another perspective , we also talked with a secondary user — Aristyn ’s mother . When asked how long she thinks her daughter spends behind her screen , she admitted that she was “ embarrassed to answer , ” because while she may spend 2 hours on school days , some weekends she will play on her iPad all day long . We questioned Aimee on her reasoning for buying her daughter an iPad , and she explained that Aristyn ’s peers socialize by talking about their games . Aristyn originally participated in this by using the family computer ; however over time this caused issues when other family members needed the computer for school or work purposes . Therefor , they bought Aristyn her own iPad to “ solve the problem . ” They did not expect the usage to skyrocket in the manner that it did , causing a whole new problem . Aimee admits that it is upsetting because she spent more time with her older children when they were growing up because there were not as many screens to steal their attention . She stated she is interested in a way to limit usage , such as the iPhone Kids . Aimee likes the idea of including limited internet access , and incorporating educational tools such as calculators or dictionaries . She does note , however , the overhanging issue that the products success is contingent on mass acceptance of the phone ; otherwise , there would be a barrier between kids with normal screen access and those with limited access.Overall , it seemed clear that screens are affecting the family dynamic , and if families enforced the parental control on the iPhone Kids , it could help diminish the issue . At the same time , a small amount of internet access and specific apps are necessary to appeal to kids desires , and still make the product helpful.EvaluationAfter testing the prototype , we were able to conclude that the product would be a viable solution , however , Aristyn ’s mother brought up a valid concern . The limitation of children ’s screen access would need to be a universally accepted step . If some parents chose not to purchase the IPhone Kids , but instead the full access IPhones seen today , there would be a disconnect among the youth , that could further escalate to a level of bullying . While the parents may be an advocate of the limited screen access , there would be a lot of push back from kids , especially those like Aristyn who have started growing up with full access.Before the product could go to market , we would need to undergo more user testing exercises for better refinements . As Aristyn pointed out , a feature to advocate and reward for more family time would be a beneficial addition . It is additional features recommended by the users themself are what could really take this product from a viable solution to an extremely effective one . Getting additional youth perspective could help bridge the gap from pleasing the parents with limited access , while also making the youth open to the idea.As our research and testing of the initial product concluded , it became clear that while we attempted to hypothesize from the younger generation ’s perspective , our group actually had a better understanding of those of the parents . Having been the generation to grow up with the beginning of the screen technology era , we were more closely in the mindset of those who had no screens , than those surrounded . We were able to get into the mindset of what a parent would want to limit for their child , but we were not completely able to predict the children ’s reaction to limited access.If we were to redo the project , we would interview more users in person about their experience with screens . Talking to more young children help pinpoint what it is that draws them back into the screen , and help better analyze what needs to be limited and what could be optimized . Also , talking to their parents to get their opinions of their children with devices ; do they think their child is spending too much time on the screen , or do they think it is beneficial , and what could be done to maximize the benefit while limiting the addiction . Living within the college atmosphere , it was difficult to find users at hand that we could talk to for their opinion on what specifically should be limited versus enhanced.On a scale from 1 – 10 , our group would grade our process at a 6 . We dove deep into the initial research stage in attempted to get a better mindset of the problem at hand , but we agreed as a group that more one on one user research would have been beneficial to getting feedback from those that interact with the problem daily.By the end of this project , we believe the situation is solvable , to an extent . The extent comes in with recognizing there is a problem , and placing the determination to fix said screen addiction . With all problems in life , whether it be with a child or a parent , issues are unfixable if one does not first recognize they are broken . If the parent is the one with the phone addiction , they need to not only be able to recognize this , but be willing and wanting to take steps to become less addicted . In the case of child screen addiction , they will be much less likely to recognize the addiction , and that is where the parents role must come into play . While it may be difficult for some parents , they need to be able to see when the screen is limiting their child and take the parental role to power the screen off .	Stop Draining the Battery on Youth
White House national security adviser HR McMaster said Saturday that North Korea represents " the greatest immediate threat to the United States " and that the potential for war with the communist nation is growing each day . " I think it 's increasing every day , which means that we are in a race , really , we are in a race to be able to solve this problem , " McMaster told an audience at the Reagan National Defense Forum in Simi Valley , California when asked if North Korea 's launch of an intercontinental ballistic missile Tuesday had increased the chance of war.President Donald Trump remains committed to the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula , McMaster said , adding that there are nonmilitary ways to deal with the issue , such as calling on China to impose greater economic sanctions against Pyongyang . McMaster noted that Beijing 's " tremendous coercive economic power " over North Korea . " There are ways to address this problem short of armed conflict , but it is a race because he 's getting closer and closer , and there 's not much time left , " McMaster said , referring to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . With every missile launch or nuclear test , Kim has improved his country 's capabilities , McMaster said . " We 're asking China not to do us or anybody else a favor , " he said . " We 're asking China to act in China 's interest , as they should , and we believe increasingly that it 's in China 's urgent interest to do more . " China should take unilateral action to cut off North Korean oil imports , McMaster said , adding , " you ca n't shoot a missile without fuel . " He said that both he and Trump felt that a 100 % oil embargo would " be appropriate at this point . " But the national security adviser said Kim was extremely unlikely to change his behavior " without some significant new actions in the form of much more severe sanctions " and " complete enforcement of the sanctions that are in place . " On military options , McMaster acknowledged that given North Korea 's fielding of conventional artillery and rockets aimed at Seoul , South Korea , " there 's no military course of action that comes without risk . " But he said that Pyongyang 's actions had made America 's alliances with Japan and South Korea " stronger than ever . "	McMaster : Potential for war with North Korea ' increasing every day '
MEGHAN Markle will help turn the royals into a thoroughly modern British family , most people believe . The American actress will wipe away some of their stuffiness and make them more in touch with millions of ordinary folk . PA : Press AssociationSix out of ten people say she and hubby-to-be Prince Harry will be great ambassadors for the UK . And they believe their marriage next year will give the country a much-needed lift . The positive reaction to last week ’s royal engagement announcement is revealed in an exclusive ICM poll for The Sun on Sunday . Millions have been won over by Meghan ’s relaxed , care-free manner – and say the fact she is divorced and of mixed race makes her seem more like one of us . EPAMost say the wedding will bring a general feel-good factor for the royals and the general mood of the country . Seven in ten people – 71 per cent – believe it is positive for the Royal family itself and 59 per cent say it will work wonders for the nation . But they are split over whether it will boost British business or not . And they doubt it will do anything to improve the popularity of the government or their own household fortunes . ICM research director Gregor Jackson said : “ The majority of the public agree that it makes the Royal Family look modern and more in touch with most British families – only 11 per cent disagree with that view . Splash NewsEPA “ They think the couple will make great ambassadors for the UK and its people . “ While some have suggested that the glitz undermines the traditional respectability of the Monarchy by making it more like show business than a serious institution , this is not a widely-held view . ” But there is little comfort for Theresa May in the poll . Only 26 per cent think the feel-good factor will help the Tories , compared with 41 per cent who say not . Royal wedding fever also failed to give the PM a bounce in the polls – with her party trailing Labour by one point . Mrs May leads Jeremy Corbyn by 40 points to 32 when it comes to who people think is the best PM . But her lead over Mr Corbyn has fallen from 21 points to just eight since May . Mr Corbyn is also seen as doing a better job as Labour leader than Mrs May is performing as PM . He registered a score of plus three with 41 per cent approval , while his Tory rival records a minus 18 rating .	Most Brits think Meghan Markle will turn royals into a modern UK family
Antonio Conte admits retaining the Premier League title may be out of Chelsea 's reach despite an impressive recent run of results ahead of their midweek Champions League clash with Atletico Madrid.The Blues fought back from a goal down on Saturday to beat Newcastle 3-1 courtesy of two goals from the impressive Eden Hazard either side of a headed effort from Alvaro Morata.The win leaves defending champions Chelsea third on 32 points , eight behind pacesetters Manchester City , after six wins in their past seven Premier League matches . " I am happy , but you know very well that there is a team in this league that is doing extraordinary things and it 's Manchester City , " said Conte . " Otherwise , I think we are staying up there with the other teams . " Chelsea host Atletico on Tuesday in their last Champions League group match knowing that a win will guarantee them top spot in Group C ahead of Serie A side Roma , and a Hazard display against the Spaniards similar to Saturday 's would go a long way to securing Chelsea first place . " Eden enjoys playing our type of football , " said Conte . " He is an important player for us . We can change our system around him . He can play as a second striker or he can play as a number 10 when we play 3-4-3 . " Conte said it would be special to see Hazard in action for Belgium against England at the World Cup next year , joking that he would have to ask his Chelsea team-mates Gary Cahill and Danny Drinkwater to treat him gently . " Gary knows very well Eden ’s skill and for this reason , he must pay great attention . Every day to have a training session with this type of player and this skill makes you stronger . " Despite a bright start for Newcastle , Rafa Benitez ’s side slumped to their fifth defeat in six league games , a run that has seen them drop into the bottom half of the table.Benitez , who won the Europa League with Chelsea is his spell as interim manager at Stamford Bridge four years ago , was in combative mood afterwards.He insisted his side had come up against a team that will finish in the top three this season . " Chelsea have a lot of good things , " he said . " They have to compete for the title . It is obvious that they are one of the teams that will be there in the top three , but we began well and it was a pity that we could n’t keep the lead for a while . " It 's not a problem of confidence with my team , it 's a problem of the level of the Premier League . You could see the team working really hard even at the end . We finished with two corners and we were still trying . "	Conte admits Premier League could be out of Chelsea 's reach
Existential dread . It hits you when you least suspect it and soon after , it follows you around like a plague . With the subtlest of nudges , it takes over and laughs at you for falling for this twisted trick all over again . Just enough to stir up a sickening feeling in your stomach and a sinking of your heart.It first hit me when I was very young and I remember thinking that nothing would be the same ever again . But blissful , childish ignorance got in the way and I ’ve been one of those ‘ my life has a purpose ’ people ever since . It did n’t hit me again until I was 24 . Which was this year . I remember walking to my doctor ’s office in Surry Hills and then THWACK , my heart felt as if it had dropped to the ground and I had that niggling thought once again . ‘ Oh my god … I am going to DIE one day . I wo n’t be here ever again . ’ For those of you who understand how it feels to think about life this way even for just a few moments , it changes you . It alters your optimism levels , your state of mind , how productive and purposeful your life is . It ’s fucked.I remember having to research the bejesus out of it and tell close friends about this murky feeling I had inside about my existence . I did n’t want to experience it ever again . Atheist lecturer Richard Dawkins comforted me with his talk with another philosopher about the meaning of life . He explained that the fact that we ’re even alive , the fact that we were competing with hundreds of other sperm and egg cells and fucking made it out alive was a miracle in itself . He stated that we were ‘ lucky ’ we were the only animal species on the planet that is aware of its imminent death . And in a strange way , this was just what I needed to hear . Technical , methodical , scientific . These are the things that ease our minds.Nowadays , the fear of death and the knowing randomness of my existence sometimes stirs up similar feelings inside but I try not to dwell on those . Instead , I tell myself that although there is no rhyme or reason to this life , I WILL achieve and learn and conquer and change and be inspired and inspire others and all those wonderful , beautiful things . I WILL get up and be content . It ’s such a freeing feeling to know that this life is not forever when you realise how much you can make happen in the limited time you have . But one more thing : do n’t dwell on the bullshit . You ’re here , only once , you do n’t get another shot , so give it a fucking red hot go.Eva x	Let ’s talk about existential dread .
No . 6 Georgia upset No . 2 Auburn 28-7 in the SEC championship game Saturday , after falling behind early in the first quarter . The Bulldogs scored 28 unanswered to seal the victory , using a combination of offense , defense and special teams to stifle Auburn . Georgia fell 40-17 to Auburn less than a month ago , but bullied its way to victory Saturday . Here are three takeaways from Georgia 's win : 1 . Georgia 's defense/special teams proved the difference The Bulldogs fell behind early after allowing a first-quarter touchdown , but they never let Auburn back on the scoreboard . Georgia forced two Auburn turnovers ( both fumbles ) , while also blocking a Tigers field goal attempt . Auburn has had three field goals blocked this season , which tied Old Dominion for the most in FBS . In true SEC fashion , the game was void of any real offense , but Georgia 's defense was entertaining to watch , closing down receivers and stifling running backs . 2 . Georgia 's balanced offense likely led them into playoff Nothing is guaranteed — especially when trying to predict college football playoff teams — but the Bulldogs likely just punched their ticket into the playoff by claiming the coveted SEC crown . Quarterback Jake Fromm completed 16 of 22 passes for 183 yards and two touchdowns , managing the game with aplomb . On the ground , D'Andre Swift rushed for 88 yards and a touchdown , while Nick Chubb added 77 yards . In the process , Chubb passed Kevin Faulk and Darren McFadden for second place on the SEC rushing list , trailing only Herschel Walker . Auburn now has three losses , so it 's out of the running . Georgia should be safely in , but Alabama is now lurking , too . 3 . The only rankings that matter are the final ones Auburn entered the game sitting pretty , second in the rankings , a win likely sending them to the top spot . But after a strong first quarter , the Tigers turned in a lackluster performance which now likely has them settling for a New Years Six Bowl game . Many found Auburn 's rise to No . 2 controversial even before this week because it had two losses . The Tigers ' loss further muddles an already crowded race for the four playoff bids , which could now see two SEC teams playing , neither being Auburn .	Three takeaways from No . 6 Georgia 's SEC-clinching win over No . 2 Auburn
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) – Hundreds of children in need had the chance to meet Santa and get some gifts Saturday on the Upper West Side . As CBS2 ’s Reena Roy reported , you could see Christmas joy in their faces and hear it in their voices . The annual event hosted by the William F. Ryan Community Health Network brought out hundreds of its under-served clients for a special winter wonderland at its West 97th Street center – one of the organization ’s 18 sites across the city . “ I ’m so excited because I love presents and I ’m so excited for my little brother because it ’s like only his second year meeting Santa , ” said Angelina Freyre . There were all kinds of treats for the kids , like presents , face painting , magic shows , and Christmas carols . The event put big smiles not just on children ’s faces , but parents , as well . Organizers say 90 percent of their patients are below the poverty line . “ Any little bit of help always helps . Whatever we can get , we always appreciate it . My daughter appreciates it , ” Susan Anton said . “ It makes me so happy to see her happy . ” “ They come here every year . They even go to the Ryan Center for their doctor appointments . It ’s fun for them , ” said Cecile Bethea . After all , it is the season of giving . “ So great to have a positive moment , and the holidays alway brings us back to having positive encounters , and family , and fun and toys , ” organizer Bob Fohngho said . It was the first of three events the health network will be hosting at different sites this month . The other two will be on the Lower East Side and in Midtown .	Health Center Brings Holiday Cheer To Hundreds Of Kids In Need
I recently doubled down on becoming my own boss . I launched a Branding and Business Coaching business many months ago based on my experience and work I ’ve been doing for the past 10 years with marketing , startups and leadership development . I love what I do and at the moment I have more work and opportunity than I know what to do with.People seek out help with either launching their own career or getting unstuck from their current business . They want to create a website , or clarify their brand message and story . I help people with all of this . ( Read my blog post 3 Steps to Starting A Business ) But , do you know what else people end up needing help with ? Clarifying their purpose in life . Their own personal goals . It ’s so easy to hide behind the business or launching a career . When I ask them about their own personal vision and dreams they go silent . It ’s heartbreaking really … we are individuals first before we a business owner , or spouse or parents.I ’ve made the mistake in the past of wanting to jump right to the fun stuff with clients . Message , website , logos , branding , stories . All the interesting steps of creating an amazing brand message . Big steps instead of baby steps . I should know better , and now I do.Before I work with clients on their business I need to know they are willing to work on themselves first . Can they make and keep promises to themselves ? After all , they are the business right ? If they were n’t there , the business would n’t be there , and if they are not strong , healthy and focused , how could we expect the business to be?So , your business plan starts with a personal plan . And it includes 3 simple elements before we even get started on the business.InputWhat are you feeding yourself ? Every client I work with says the same thing . No one understands me , I do n’t know anyone who is doing something like this . I have no one to talk to about my big ideas or vision . That ’s not necessarily a bad thing , if everyone was like you , we would n’t need your or your big idea ! You may feel like you ’re on the fringe , but trust me , you ’re just out front creating the next big thing , it can be lonely sometimes . So , you need input.Every successful entrepreneur feeds themselves with new ideas and thoughts through people who have been there before . If you ’re lucky enough to have a mentor close to you then , then use that as your input , but for most of us , we have to rely on books , blog posts , podcasts or videos . There are SO many amazing mentors out there waiting to share with you their secrets to success … for the low , low price of $ 16.99 on Amazon , or $ 2.99 on Kindle , or for free through their daily blog or TED Talk .3 of my current favorites are Tim Ferriss , Seth Godin and Gary Vaynerchuk . Anything they say prompts bigger thinking and new ideas for me . And , let me be upfront , they are not all ‘ sweet ’ guys , they say things strongly with conviction ( and some bad words ) … like any good coach or mentor . Approach with an open mind . Be teachable . But more than anything , start today.OutputWhat are you producing ? Before you think about content , blogs or stuff like that … I want you to think about producing energy . Output . Exercise . Seriously , i know you just rolled your eyes . But exercise is an incredible output of calories , energy , thoughts , toxins , sweat and usually negative attitude . And , what do you get in exchange ??? Amazing flood of natural chemicals like endorphins . You get a clear head , and if you ’re like me , some amazing ideas ! You also pick up momentum by doing something good for your body.Exercise is a keystone habit that creates a domino effect on other areas of our life . We tend to eat better , sleep better and have a clear head when we burn energy through exercise . Doing your body good , will definitely do your business good.ConnectionGet out of the house . Now . Hey , I know it ’s not easy … I often will stay in my pajamas until 4 pm . Business owners , consultants , freelancers and everyone else needs to stay connected , even more so when you work from home . Two great ways to get and stay connected are to join a group like Meetup.com and to mentor someone else.Meetup groups are fun and easy to connect with . Most all of them are free to join , meet once a month and are based around interests like art , exercise , travel , singles , entrepreneurs etc . There is no excuse not to find one to join … even if it ’s just to get you out of the house ( and for me out of my pjs and put some makeup on ) . Mentoring is easy . Find a book you want to read ( or you should read , see point # 1 ) and grab a friend , peer , colleague , younger person and ask them if they want to read it along with you . One chapter per week , meet over coffee or a glass of wine and discuss . Easy . No teaching , no expert advice , nothing more than committing to read , meet and discuss . Every week . It ’s accountability , new ideas and staying connected.Here is the problem … People say they should.They know they should . But they do n’t . They make ‘ promises ’ to themselves that they do n’t keep . If you ca n’t follow through on simple personal goals , how or why would you think you ’ll do this for your business ? And , by not doing these for yourself , you are not helping your business . I can coach you for months , but if you ca n’t keep a promise to yourself then the bigger promises we set for the business will not happen either.It ’s a red flag and as a business coach , I have to call these as I see them . If you really want change , growth and success , you have to start with the little things , there are no shortcuts . The good news is that you can start on all 3 of these today , and follow through tomorrow and the day after . Make one simple change and be consistent . Then you ’ll have the momentum and confidence to tackle the bigger goals you want to achieve.If you want help to clarify your vision , develop a simple plan for getting started and tell a great story your customers will fall in love with , I can help . I ’m a branding and business coach who will create a roadmap for you to take your next step , so you can help others take theirs . Contact me at www.lisacumes.com for more information.Seth Godin and Gary Vee together !	3 Essential Elements Of a Business Plan
MEGHAN Markle was wooed by former Chelsea star Ashley Cole – who begged her to go out on a date with him . Cole - who now plays for LA Galaxy - allegedly bombarded her with flirty messages on Twitter around four years ago . AFPPrince Harry ’s fiancee Megan , then an aspiring Hollywood actress , asked a British journalist pal she was with whether it was worth meeting him . The 36-year-old Royal-to-be produced an iPhone from her handbag and asked : “ Do you know this guy , Ashley Cole ? “ He follows me and he keeps trying to talk to me on Twitter . “ He ’s trying really hard . ” She went on : “ He wants to go on a date while I ’m here over in London . What do you think ? Do you know him ? ” The journalist , Katie Hind , later alerted Megan to 36-year-old Cole ’s turbulent relationship with Cheryl Tweedy and his back-catalogue of cheating scandals . Hind wrote in the Mail on Sunday today : “ So , as the evening progressed , I set her straight . “ Megan seemed taken aback and quietly replied : ‘ Thanks , I appreciate it . Some of my friends told me to stay away from him too . PA : Press Association “’ I think I ’ll leave it . ’” Hind revealed that Megan seemed keen on British men during their night out at London ’s Sanctum Soho Hotel . She wrote in the paper : “ I quizzed her about American men , but she did n’t seem so keen on them . ”	Megan Markle rejected football ace Ashley Cole who begged her for a date and sent flirty messages through twitter
Brighton ( United Kingdom ) ( AFP ) - Jurgen Klopp has insisted Liverpool 's immediate target is to establish themselves in the top four of the Premier League before they start looking towards leaders Manchester City.Klopp 's side confirmed their recent progress with a 5-1 win away to Brighton and Hove Albion on Saturday.It was Liverpool 's fifth win in six league matches , with one draw , since their 4-1 defeat at Tottenham Hotspur.The Reds ' success on the south coast left Liverpool in fourth place , a point ahead of Arsenal following the Gunners ' 3-1 loss at home to Manchester United in Saturday 's late kick-off . Liverpool 's latest win typified the attacking strength that has delivered 25 goals in the last eight games in all competitions , a tally that has drawn comparisons with Pep Guardiola 's free-scoring City side . " In our calmer moments we played good football , " said Liverpool manager Klopp . " I do n't know if you can compare us to Manchester City but we are a really good football team and we know that . " But we need to carry on , that 's the most important thing , " the German added . " It 's important that it 's good because we need the points , and we want to stay as close as possible to the teams in front of us . " We can not get them immediately because they obviously win a lot of games as well , but we want to be as close as possible to them , " said Klopp , whose side could end the weekend 14 points adrift of City if Guardiola 's men beat West Ham on Sunday . " But the next game is coming , and all of them are really important for us , " said the manager , with Liverpool facing Spartak Moscow in the Champions League on Wednesday before next weekend 's Merseyside derby with Everton . - ' Credit to the analysts ' - Roberto Firmino , Philippe Coutinho and Mohamed Salah led Liverpool 's attack with Sadio Mane , Daniel Sturridge and Dominic Solanke held in reserve on the bench.Firmino scored twice after Emre Can had put Liverpool ahead and Coutinho added the fourth after a Glenn Murray penalty had brought Brighton back into the game before the Brazilian ’s shot was turned into his own goal by Lewis Dunk . " The next game is coming , and all of the forwards are really important for us.It 's cool to have these options , " Klopp said.Coutinho 's 87th minute free-kick effectively killed off the game , with the former Inter Milan player drilling a low shot under the defensive wall after the Brighton defenders jumped in anticipation of a chipped effort.Klopp revealed the goal was down to thorough work by Liverpool 's s video analysis team . " I love goals like the free-kick . It was a credit to the analysts.They see something like this in the video meeting.But you have to have the ability to do this . ” For Brighton this was their first home defeat since they lost to Manchester City on the opening day of the season.But Brighton manager Chris Hughton said Liverpool were the most impressive side to visit the Amex Stadium so far this season . " Up with Man City , Liverpool are the best offensively in the division.They 've got pace and that 's the hardest thing to deal with . " We 've been good so far and this was our toughest test.We 've fallen short and they 're now aware of what can happen.Occasionally , we are going to get days like this.Importantly , it 's about how we bounce back . " Hughton added : " We were too naive and we have n't been like that against anybody.We got served a lesson today and we need to learn from that . "	Liverpool boss Klopp only has eyes for top four
Guiding Questions : 1 ) How has technology lessened the prioritization of personal intimacy ? What do teens end up losing in the long run ? 2 ) Is our online activity , whether that ’s countless hours on social media or communicating with various people , influencing our identity?Hannah : As technology advances and increases , it seems as though our value of alone time does just the opposite . Individuals who spend a long time on the internet become addicted to it ’s fast pace , numerous communities , and constant stream of news , ultimately becoming dependent on it . Our opinions and actions slowly become a reaction to what we see online . As a result , when we are in situations that force us to be alone , those few seconds or minutes become an eternity , and our appreciation of alone time is replaced by a frantic , almost impulsive need to be digitally surrounded by others.Pooja : I agree in that whenever we have a spare moment to ourselves , we immediately pull out our phones just because we do n’t want that feeling of doing nothing . In fact , “ When people are alone at a stop sign or in the checkout line at the supermarket , they seem almost panicked and they reach for their phones . ” It just seems that people do n’t want to be left alone with their thoughts and in those moments they rather scroll through someone else ’s page than to just take a moment to think . We are so use to the idea of being connected that when we ’re are n’t we are left with this empty void that we do n’t know how to deal with . In the long run teens end up losing precious time that could be spent discovering themselves . There is no down time , instead teens live in a “ text-driven world of rapid response [ that ] does not make self-reflection impossible but does little to cultivate it . ” We are constantly drawn to our phones and rather spend countless hours online . By doing so teens are depriving themselves of the opportunity to learn more about who they are and to grow as human beings . We learn from our experiences , but how can we learn if all we do is stay on our phones.Hannah : I agree . Wherever there ’s a lack of wifi , there ’s a lack of teens . Even when surrounded by other people , teenagers are digitally alone , and personal intimacy no longer becomes a priority , but a choice . In the long run , there are going to be situations in which teens are inevitably going to be alone ; not only does this take away from teens learning about themselves as you said , it also makes them more likely to avoid uncomfortable situations where they have no access to the web , hindering their exposure to a world without the web .	Identity and Personal Intimacy
So there is this girl at my school who is known to be popular . The only reason we know each other is Speech and Debate . We hosted a tounament today at our school , and she started talking to me . Than she started rubbing my arm because her hands were cold . Then she put them through my sleeve and started feeling my chest . We then went outside and started talking . She sat down with her legs spread ( i do n't know if that is relevant ) . We talked alone for a good 30 minutes when my friend Apoorv came over . We talked for a bit more , when she started moving closer to me . eventually , she was right by my foot and started rubbing my calf and lower thigh ( super close to my knee cap ) . Eventually my other r friend Meeah came over and sat next to me . we ended up having a great conversation and we ended up in the position where Meeahs head was in my lap , and the other girl was on my legs . It felt really natural and chill . I do n't know If she likes me , as she is notoriously flirty , but only to verbal degree . I just want to know is she likes me .	Is she flirting on purpose or just by nature ?
Santo Domingo ( AFP ) - Venezuela 's government and opposition made " significant advances " in the latest talks aimed at resolving the country 's crushing economic and political crisis , they said Saturday after two days of meetings in the Dominican Republic.But there was no agreement and negotiations will continue in Santo Domingo on December 15 , the two sides said in a statement read by Dominican President Danilo Medina . He hosted the talks with fellow mediator and former Spanish prime minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero . " Government and opposition declare that there have been significant advances in the search for an agreement , " their statement said.It added that the meetings which began on Friday established " the firm will " to reach a deal.Foreign ministers from Latin American nations acted as guarantors during the discussions.Previous meetings hosted by Medina have failed to take the negotiations beyond preliminary discussions.The main demand of the opposition coalition , Democratic Union Roundtable ( MUD ) , is the opening of a " humanitarian corridor " to allow the import of desperately needed food and medicines to alleviate the worst of the economic crisis -- along with a guarantee of free and fair presidential elections next year.The opposition is divided over the talks.Some in the coalition dismiss them as nothing more than an attempt by Maduro to buy time as he continues to consolidate power.In addition to Mexico and Chile -- invited by the MUD -- Bolivia and Nicaragua joined the discussions as allies of Maduro.The Venezuelan president is demanding the opposition work for the lifting of US sanctions which prohibit officials and entities of his government from negotiating new debt deals with US creditors.He also wants the opposition-dominated parliament to get behind his plan to restructure Venezuela 's foreign debt , estimated at $ 150 billion.State oil giant PDVSA and Venezuela have been declared in selective default for failing to meet payments on certain bonds in time .	' Advances ' but no deal after Venezuela rivals talk
By Jackie PenaAUSTIN — Sophomore psychology student Ayleen Flores dropped out of two universities for two very different reasons . “ I dropped out of Brown because of personal family matters , ” Flores said . “ I hated UT , so I left . ” Flores is the outlier in the pool of transfer students at the University of Texas at Austin . Although transfer students only make up six percent of the undergraduate population , they have a graduation rate of 61 percent , which is only four percent less than UT ’s average graduation rate . “ UT has its own vibe , ” Flores said . “ The school in terms of academics is great , but it was the atmosphere that I did n’t click with . The classes are too crowded , and everything is too fast paced . ” The demographics of transfer students who are accepted every year mimic the diversity of first-year students . Approximately 50 percent of students admitted are white , followed by Hispanics and Asians.Diversity is one of the top priorities when considering a student for admission said Adriana Garza-Romance , a UT admission counselor.The Office of Admissions has created several programs and classes specifically for transfer students , including the Transfer-Year Experience Program , Transfer Student Signature Courses , and Texas Transfer Students . “ Everyone seemed to have Longhorn pride as soon as they stepped foot on the campus , ” Flores said . “ I never felt that spark . I did n’t reach out to anyone either , which probably did n’t help me out . ” Flores said that she was not aware of any resources designed for transfer students . She said the deciding factor in her withdrawing from school was due to a lack of familiarity : she could not make UT feel like home . Other students had better luck . “ I have n’t used any of the resources they told us about , ” sophomore Ana Duran said . “ But I joined a transfer student page on Facebook , and that ’s how I met people . My roommates are also transfer students . ” Out of the 39,000 undergraduate students enrolled at the University of Texas at Austin in 2015 , only 2,516 were first-time transfer students according to Office of Institutional Reporting , Research and Information Systems ’ University Graduation Rates report . “ No one knows I ’m a transfer student unless I bring it up , ” Duran said . “ No one excludes you from anything because you ’re a transfer . If you want to isolate yourself , that something only you can choose to do . ” During orientation , students learn about resources that are accessible to them . However , these resources are optional for students . The thought of using these resources made her feel like she was using a crutch Flores said . “ I went from an extremely small school to a school that was the size of my hometown , ” Flores said . “ Not only did I feel alone in terms of population , I felt alone in experience . Everyone here seemed to find friends that they could relate to , I could n’t . ” Flores also explained using the resources provided probably would not have made a difference in her case , but they could be useful for someone else . “ Leaving UT was probably inevitable for me , ” Flores said . “ Going to UT was a last-minute decision that I thought would be good for me , but I was wrong . I do n’t regret leaving , and I do n’t think anyone could have stopped me from leaving . But these resources can be convenient for someone who needs a little bit of guidance . ” Bryanni Hassan was accepted into UT ’s Coordinated Admission Program ( CAP ) . After a year of attending the University of Texas at San Antonio , Hassan was automatically accepted into UT . CAP gives students the opportunity to attend UT , even if they did not get accepted directly into the university on their first try . “ I knew that UT would be harder academically than UTSA , ” Hassan said . “ But it ’s my dream school , so I knew the CAP would be my best option . ” Hassan described UT as a welcoming environment . She said she was overwhelmed with the amount of choices she had in terms of extracurricular activities . “ That line from orientation stuck with me , ” Hassan said . “’ If there is n’t already a club here for you , you can make your own , you just need three people , twenty bucks and a few forms . ’” Hassan said there are not many known stigmas about transfer students because they are usually able to fit in well . Transfers students , Hassan said , are probably some of the most hardworking individuals on this campus , and their battle to get to UT was just a little bit longer than most . “ I want people to know that UT transfer students are great , ” Flores said . “ They got into a school that is recognized globally . Even if you do n’t stick it out here , at least you can say that you tried . And for at least a bit , you represented burnt orange . ” Jacqueline Pena is a journalism student at the University of Texas at Austin . You can follow her via Twitter @JacquelineAPena .	Transfer tales : Troubles and triumphs
Ok , about what you asked yesterday , I ’ll message you here , because I do n’t think it ’s mail material … And most of my points . … I ’m sure you ’ve gone through an excessive study , before you thought about starting this particular work . Anyways , Starting with the local labors you were talking about , if the work is given to them , it ’s more like going back to basics like sort of stage one architecture … I think , like how you build a barn house in older days . But the material this time would be ply instead of wood , Which you said have water proofing issues . It is also important to check how long can these structure last , With all the moisture and heat — material and life span . How much load can it take ? A floor or two ? or maybe , Maybe three ? In my perspective , Your plan will become more of a temporary basis if you do n’t look up on material — life span , if you r looking forward to building houses ( architecture ) . Now , coming to clients , Who are they ? The rich — I ’d rank 0.1 / 10 percent , for installation regarding temporary art works or so . I ’m 98 % sure they do n’t want a temporary house . They ’d rather build a permanent mansion . Middle class — 2/10 , not family , if it is then a small extension for temporary use , or a tree house or a sit out space in the garden , or a roof top rent out space . But , they might need more land and space for a garden sit out . This structure is more on a temporary basis , so you could focus on disaster relief housing , temporary exhibition space , which includes art exhibitions , stage designing , start up offices built inside an abandoned warehouse house , ( just an idea ) . Old age retirement homes , ok this is wrong because the house is temporary and sending old people to a temporary home sounds wrong.If you ’re focusing on cities then it ’s temporary exhibition space and stuff . If it ’s lesser developed , you might find more clients in the beginning … But , after that I have no idea . Because , according to my experience back home . . Small town , rally small … Most people fancy , brick &amp; stone houses and not ply . They observe the construction system and material , material which is very important , if the life span is short , your clients will go back to stone and bricks . And for temporary barns they ’ll use the simplest and easiest construction technique which will be wooden columns for structure and twigs &amp; clay for walls .	Memory note — Asoni Maheo said .
A TOP Corbynista has admitted Labour ’s nationalisation plans could leave the country “ f **** d ” . Leftie activist Mika Minio-Paluello warned the cost of taking over rail , mail and energy firms risks wrecking people ’s pensions . Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell has insisted his nationalisation programme will be a money-spinner overall . But Ms Minio-Paluello told a political event it would see pensions “ f **** d ” . She said : “ On specifics , we nationalise s ** t , but those companies have lots of debt . “ Now , if we do n’t keep paying that debt the UK ’s credit rating is f **** d and we ca n’t borrow money . ” PA : Press AssociationMs Minio-Paluello sits on the Labour Energy Forum and told the meeting : “ I ’m chair of my local branch and I ’ve also been doing various advice for Corbyn ’s team and central office . ” But last night a Labour spokesman insisted : “ Mika Minio-Paluellom is not an adviser to Jeremy Corbyn or speaks for the party . ” Tory MP Chris Philp hit back : “ The cat is out of the bag . Now we know in Labour ’s own words that their policies would mean more debt , higher taxes and fewer jobs . ”	Top leftie activist admits Jeremy Corbyn ’s nationalisation plans could leave the country in ruins
The names of famous former leaders have stacked up in Paris , where Barack Obama appeared before an elite group named “ Les Napoleons . ” The peculiarly-named French “ communications network ” refused to reveal Obama 's fee , which was rumored to be some € 400,000 . Obama , who is on a five-day global tour , stopped off in Paris on Saturday for a series of private meetings with high-profile French politicians , including Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo , French President Emmanuel Macron and his predecessor , Francois Hollande . One meeting on the brief Paris trip , however , stood out – when Obama acted as keynote speaker at a regular summit of a rather obscure organization with a striking name – Les Napoleons , who , according to French media , “ staged a coup ” by wooing Obama to Radio France ’s headquarters near the Eiffel Tower . Les Napoleons , which prides itself as an “ innovative communications network ” for leading players in business , media and culture , was established in 2014 . Before Obama dropped by , it was largely unknown to the general public . The network numbers just 1,500 people , self-styled “ academicians ” from the media , technology and finance industries , including 500 who are active . The club ’s co-founder , Olivier Moulierac , admitted to the French newspaper Le Monde , that Les Napoleons had been courting Obama for three years – well before he handed over the reins to Donald Trump . According to Moulierac , what won them the high-profile American guest is the appearance of former French President Francois Hollande at the club ’s event last July . " Having Hollande has legitimized us with Obama , " he said . However , it may not only have been the name of Hollande which attracted the former , still-politically active US president , to the meeting of a three-year-old enterprise , but a hefty fee allegedly promised to him for the opening remarks he delivered Saturday in front of a hand-picked audience of 800 . French satirical magazine Le Canard Enchaine last week said Obama would be paid as much as € 400,000 , claiming a sponsor of the group , French telecoms group Orange , was to foot the bill . The report , however , was dismissed by Orange CEO Stephane Richard , who said that he was not aware of the sum , since Orange was not the event ’s organizer . The amount , whatever it is , would be paid by the group ’s other sponsors , he added . An anonymous source close to Richard told left-leaning newspaper Liberation that all the group ’s partners chipped in to afford Obama . While there 's little evidence on how much exactly the Obama address cost , the impressive alleged sum is not without precedent : the ex-president has already come under fire for securing a $ 400,000 check for speaking at a Wall Street-backed conference run by Cantor Fitzgerald LP in September . His fee was reported to be twice the price netted by former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . Although the practice of paid engagements is common for former presidents , Obama ’s cashing in from Wall Street sparked strong criticism since he portrayed himself as an opponent of “ fat cats , ” as he once described Wall Street bankers . Obama seemed to be in high spirits at the Paris event , delivering what appeared to be a thinly veiled attack on Trump as he said that there should be more women in power “ because men seem to be having some problems these days . ” He went on to argue that “ women seem to have a better capacity than men do , partly because of their socialization . ” Obama also lashed out at the “ temporary absence of American leadership ” in climate protection . Trump pulled the US out of a landmark climate change deal that was championed by Obama and agreed in Paris in December 2015 .	Obama meets ‘ Les Napoleons ’ : Ex-US leader flies to Paris for elite club speech
Collector : Thelonious Monk , Ingrid Laubrock &amp; Mary Halvorson , Evan Parker &amp; Han-earl ParkOn the occasional day , Collector will present three disparate but artistically worthwhile digital artifacts from the worlds of music , performance , and art.Today , we have a jazz themed edition for you.Thelonious Monk “ Live in Norway &amp; Denmark ” 1966A great sounding and looking document from 1966 . The incomparable Thelonious Monk on piano with Ben Riley ( drums ) , Larry Gales ( bass ) , and Charlie Rouse ( tenor saxophone ) . The video shows two taped concerts where “ Lulu ’s Back In Town ” gets two versions alongside classics , “ Blue Monk , ” “’ Round Midnight , ” “ Do n’t Blame Me , ” and “ Epistrophy . ” Ingrid Laubrock &amp; Mary HalvorsonJumping to the contemporary , tenor saxophonist Ingrid Laubrock and guitarist Mary Halvorson perform an incredible duo set , shifting moods , rhythms , and textures with ease . A wonderful merging of two masters from 2013 . Evan Parker &amp; Han-earl ParkI had the pleasure of performing in a duo with Han-earl Park a few years back . It was shortly after I received my double-neck 16-string guitar from Jeffrey Schreckengost . At the time , I was quietly renouncing the very free territories of free improvisation in favor of more melodic material — my head was closer to Gesualdo than , well , let ’s say Evan Parker . Anyway , interests leave and return and right now , I ’m really feeling this duo set from lengendary saxophonist Evan Parker and guitarist Han-earl Park . Towards the end of the set , the duo is joined by the amazing cellist Okkyung Lee and trumpet trailblazer Peter Evans . Enjoy !	Collector : Thelonious Monk , Ingrid Laubrock & Mary Halvorson , Evan Parker & Han-earl Park
The government voiced support for the anti-Houthi campaign in a statement , following a closed meeting chaired by President Abdu-Rabbu Mansour Hadi and attended by senior officials in Saudi Arabia 's capital Riyadh.Hadi hailed what he described as the " popular uprising " against the Houthi rebels in Sanaa as a " historic moment " to bring back legitimacy to Yemen.The Yemeni president also extended his hand to the forces loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh and called for " opening a new page with all the political parties in the country and forgetting what happened in the past . " Hadi 's Aden-based government also called for " unity and demanded the political parties in Yemen to form a national alliance that overcomes the differences of the past and move on to confront the Iranian-backed Houthi militias . " Earlier in the day , more than 80 people were killed and 120 others injured during fierce armed confrontations between the elite Republican Guard Forces loyal to Saleh and the Houthis in different areas of Sanaa.The Houthis and Saleh used to be allies during the three-year military conflict with the Saudi-backed government and the newly-recruited forces of Hadi across Yemen.On Saturday , Saleh delivered a televised speech calling upon Yemenis to rise up and fight against the Houthis . " I call upon all Yemenis to come together and do their national duty by defending our republic , institutions and freedom against the aggression of the Houthi militias which lasted for three years now , " Saleh said.Saleh also announced his willingness to conduct negotiations with the Saudi-led coalition via the Parliament . " I also urge the coalition to conduct a ceasefire in Yemen , open airports , allow humanitarian aid into the devastated country . Our hand is extended to them to start a new chapter of relations , " he added.Security sources in Sanaa told Xinhua that intense street gun fights took place between pro-Saleh forces and the Houthi militants using different types of heavy and medium weapons.Saleh 's forces managed to retake the Sanaa International Airport , the 48th military camp , the Presidential Compound , key government institutions and ministries after fierce clashes with Houthi militias.Sources close to Saleh said that " the popular uprising and the military campaign against Houthis will continue in Sanaa and some neighboring provinces on all different levels . " The sources also said that " Qatar tried to organize desperate mediation to end the clashes in Sanaa . The Qataris attempted to convince Saleh to withdraw his forces from areas under control in Sanaa and negotiate with Houthis to reach a settlement , but he strongly refused and the mediation failed . " On the other hand , the Saudi state media reported that Saleh loyalists freed his rival Hadi 's Defense Minister Major General Mahmoud al-Subaihi from a Houthi prison in Sanaa . He was captured by Houthi forces in southern Yemen in mid 2015 . Chief of Houthi Abdul-Malik Al-Houthi gave a speech on Saturday evening saying that " all residents of Sanaa enjoyed peace . But unfortunately , those militants supported by Saleh are seeking to undermine it and spread chaos . " The Houthi leader called for peace and stability and demanded the tribal leaders and others to intervene to stop this sedition and end the escalation of situation in Sanaa as soon as possible.Military commander loyal to the Houthi group said that the fight for taking full control over Sanaa will continue overnight and claimed they will take back all the neighborhoods in Sanaa within 24 hours.After the fiery speeches of the two warring rival leaders , Sanaa witnessed a cautious calm that prevailed in the city 's neighborhoods despite the sporadic gunfire and explosions that rocked the city in the past hours.Thousands of terrified citizens and children are trapped in the middle of Sanaa , and each side mobilizes fighters and arms into the diplomatic district in preparation for possible violent confrontations tonight , according to local residents.The Republican Guard Forces loyal to Saleh announced a curfew , asking people to remain indoor starting from 10:00 p.m. Sanaa time.In September 2014 , the two factions unified and toppled the legitimate government of Hadi and forced him along with his cabinet members into exile in neighboring Saudi Arabia.The fragile alliance between the two parties has faced much trouble over the vying of power.On Aug. 26 , a deadly fighting erupted near the residential house of Saleh 's son in the southern part of Sanaa , during which the Houthis killed a senior security official close to Saleh.Houthis and Saleh 's party have since been trading accusations of secret links with the U.S.-backed Saudi-led military coalition.The coalition intervened in the Yemeni conflict in March 2015 to roll back the Iranian-allied Houthi group and reinstate Hadi into power .	Saudi-backed Yemeni govt supports anti-Houthi military campaign in Sanaa , 80 killed
At Melt Bakery , a hole in the wall that sells ice cream sandwiches in New York 's upscale Manhattan neighborhood , you can pay for your guilty pleasure in bitcoin.And while a few swipes of a mobile app are all it takes to fill your electronic wallet , the novelty , for now , comes at a hefty cost.Melt is one of several small stores in America 's biggest city now accepting the bitcoins , hailed by some as the future of currency.Investors ' interest has been piqued by the virtual currency 's surging value while industry insiders see it as an alternative instrument for consumers who want to shop online but do n't have access to traditional instruments like a credit card.It has even triggered an expanding ATM network that lets people turn their cash into bitcoins , and their bitcoins back into cash.At Melt 's checkout counter , each transaction can take several minutes to process and trigger varying fees.That means a $ 5 chocolate ice cream sandwich cost $ 9.29 for a recent bitcoin purchase . - Gift cards - Though its presence is growing , bitcoin use is still far from widespread at the storefront level.A New York chiropractor who released a statement in 2014 announcing he would accept bitcoin payments has yet to receive any.Nick Allen , head of product development at the Blockchain Technologies startup , acknowledges such use is limited . " It 's just for promotion , " said the 24-year-old . " Bitcoin will never be used largely in real life . Transaction fees are too high and an owner is not able to track the transactions made by its employees . " For his part , Allen converts his entire income into the currency which he then uses to do all his shopping online , including basic groceries.He buys store gift cards on an online platform where , he says , vendors " want bitcoins more than they want gift cards . " In just a few clicks , he can buy $ 100 worth of takeout food delivered by UberEats for just $ 36 . But he found himself in a bit of a bind during a recent trip to Amsterdam , where , without a credit card and just 200 euros ( $ 238 ) in cash , he could n't find anywhere to convert his bitcoins . - Buy tickets , sofas - More and more major companies now accept virtual currency , including Bitcoin but also others , as a valid form of payment -- from booking a flight on Expedia to a new sofa from retailer Overstock . " We are a big believer that it is good for us , " said Overstock 's president Jonathan Johnson . " It is another way for customers to spend money at our stores and it is cheaper for us because we do n't have to pay a credit card transaction fee . " The firm initially converted all its bitcoins into dollars , but now retains half in order to pay suppliers , and to take advantage of its surging value . A bitcoin was worth about $ 1,000 at the start of the year , but is now more than $ 10,000 . At a small grocery store in Harlem , Matthew , a former financier who now works in tech and who gave his first name only , said he bought his first bitcoins in 2016 and was now withdrawing his profits from an ATM . " Buying bitcoin at an ATM is the easiest and safest way to do it , " he said , adding he did not entirely trust other platforms.Investors make up 25 percent of the userbase of Coinsource , a nationwide bitcoin ATM network , according to its manager , Sheffield Clark.The majority of users see the currency as " a medium of exchange to buy things online , " explains Clark , who adds that in the future , bitcoin will likely complement rather than replace real money.It is especially useful for those who " may not have access to a PayPal account or access to traditional financial services such as a credit card or debit card account , " he adds .	Buy it with bitcoin in New York , but it 's not cheap
No Fine For Ride Operators In Fatal Ohio State Fair AccidentOfficials say they will not fine operators of a thrill ride that broke apart at the Ohio State Fair , killing one.Website Lists Future Job Opportunities At Beaver County Shell Cracker PlantThe Shell cracker plant in Beaver County wo n't be completed until 2020 , but Shell is already releasing information on future job opportunities.KDKA-TV Weekend Forecast ( 12/2 ) Stay on top of local weather with Jon Burnett ’s forecast!New Kensington Celebrates Holidays , Honors Fallen Officer At Annual ParadeThe New Kensington community gathered together for its traditional Christmas parade Saturday , and it took the opportunity to honor fallen Officer Brian Shaw ; KDKA 's Meghan Schiller reports.Waterfront Building Goes Up In Flames For Training Exercise , Controlled BurnA building at the Waterfront went up in flames Saturday as part of a training exercise for local emergency crews ; KDKA 's Paul Martino reports.Hot Towels Spark Devastating Fire In Penn Hills Restaurant , Fire Officials Explain HowA fire being ignited by hot , oily towels is rare , but the Penn Hills fire marshal says it happens more often than people think ; KDKA 's Amy Wadas reports .	KDKA-TV Weekend Forecast
SYDNEY ( AFP ) - Wallaby Quade Cooper will not get any game time under the new coach of his Super Rugby team the Queensland Reds , a report said Sunday , raising speculation of a move overseas.Coach Brad Thorn said he told the fly-half he was no longer part of the Reds ' plans for next season , Brisbane 's Courier Mail reported . " I 've had honest conversations with Quade Cooper and ( halfback ) Nick Frisby about where they currently sit in our plans for 2018 , " Thorn told the newspaper . " They 're not training with the Reds at the moment and will be training with their clubs instead . " New Zealand-born Cooper , 29 , signed a three-year contract with the Reds in September last year after a stint with European heavyweights Toulon.Thorn 's decision could see him look for a club in Japan , the Mail said . Thorn , a former All Black , replaced Nick Stiles in October . Stiles had guided the Reds to just four wins in his first season in charge.Cooper has played 70 Tests for Australia but has not been selected by Wallabies coach Michael Cheika since June , suggesting his international career could also be over .	Cooper dumped by Queensland Reds coach Thorn - report
This year ’s ACC Championship game in Charlotte between the Clemson Tigers and the Miami Hurricanes got out of hand in a hurry . The Tigers went to the locker room with a 21-0 lead , and they did n’t let their feet off the gas in the second half , scoring another 17 to win 38-3 . Miami did n’t even score a single point until a field goal in the fourth quarter . This pretty much sums up the night for the Canes : Clemson has n’t been too kind to Miami in the past . Just two seasons ago , the Tigers beat Miami 58-0 at Hard Rock Stadium , which was the worst loss in school history , and resulted in Al Golden getting fired after five seasons . Aaaand that means that Miami has lost to the Tigers by a total of 96-3 since 2015 , folks . And to put it even further into perspective , this is Richt ’s second-worst loss in his coaching career . It ’s just shy of Georgia ’s 2009 loss to Florida by a score of 49-10 . Miami was this season ’s Cinderella Story , and it was a hell of a ride to watch . The Canes ’ luster obviously wore off with the upset loss to Pitt last week , but no one seriously expected Miami to be able to beat the Tigers , who are a much more complete team than the Canes at this point in Richt ’s Miami career . The U will get a nice bowl bid tomorrow during Selection Sunday , and this has been a heck of a season for the Canes . But a blowout loss in your team ’s fist-ever conference championship appearance ca n’t feel good . But if things go according to plan for Richt , this wo n’t be the last ACCCG Miami makes it to .	In 2015 , Clemson gave Miami its worst loss ever . In 2017 , Clemson gave Mark Richt arguably his worst loss ever .
Photographers love gear . Whether they ’re new or seasoned professionals they never seem to have enough . Whether it ’s the latest lens or some amazing doohickey that plugs into your computer … 1 . YOLOBOX — $ 359Turn any device into a live streaming machine . As far as photography gadgets go this is going to be very useful if you do videography or if you want to be able to do instant replay work such as sporting events or weddings . The yolobox uses wifi or 4g to cloud storage . It offers 1080p HD resolution and has a touchscreen about the size of your smartphone with USB , HDMI and SD ports and an optional 3.5 mm microphone port for improved sound . It can mount a drone controller too .2 . LUX Ultra — $ 239.99 Lux stabilizers are not new . Many action photographers and videographers use these photography gadgets to get smooth panning and deal with a motion to get an even image . This is available in a Luma and Pro Lux which are both made of 6061 aluminum rather than the previous plastic . This made them far more durable . They also have an 8-hour battery life and a more open design , so your screen is easier to get to . This fits most smartphones and the GoPro Hero and Sessions .3 . Palm Stable — $ 129Drone photography is big . So big that it ’s almost become a requirement in some fields to offer it . The problem is that most quality drone images require a bulky drone that ca n’t get into tight spaces — enter the Palm Stable . As photography gadgets go this is a neat little drone that fits into the palm of your hand . It has an auto tracking function so you can actually find it if it gets lost and an auto-return so it will come back to you if it can . The HD camera takes stills as well as video and it can hover as well . Battery time is about 10 minutes .4 . Powerlens Charger — $ 34This is more a smartphone gadget than a photography one , but it looks just like a small lens . The hockey puck-sized device is a wireless charger that also uses a shutter sound to tell you your device is connected to charging . It ’s 1.5 x faster than a direct cable and Qi-enabled . One of the coolest photography gadgets you could hope to get in your stocking ! 5 . Miggo Bags Storm-Proof $ 120 – 170With several bags available these bags have a quick draw option for catching shots on the go and the bag is able to really withstand a storm since it ’s dustproof , rainproof , and snow proof ! Every compartment is sealed so your accessories and other photography gadgets will also stay safe . The Versa also comes with an optional sling or backpack configuration for comfort . To add to this , you can also get a landing mat bag for your drone to store your drone accessories in IPX3 protection and make sure it ’s not damaged on landing . ( Image editing services ) 6 . Colorspike — $ 299A single strip light does n’t seem like something new . This ultra-bright LED light not only provides plenty of light for dramatic lighting but it has an array of different colors and brightnesses so you can use a single light without having to stop down or change gels . There ’s also a Bluetooth app to connect it to your phone or store patterns on the go .	Best Photography Gadgets For 2018
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson embarks this week on a diplomatic mission to shore up alliances in Europe and their defenses against Russian aggression and subversion . But as he prepares to set off Monday for Brussels , Vienna and Paris , his authority to speak for Washington has been called into question by a rift with President Donald Trump.Anonymous leaks from the White House suggest the top diplomat could be replaced within weeks and -- even while denying this -- Trump reminded him : " I call the final shots . " Tillerson has dismissed as " laughable " reports that Trump 's closest aides want him to resign , but rumors will inevitably dog him when he sits down with his European peers.His trip is structured around ministerial conferences of the NATO allies in Brussels and the 57-member Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , in Vienna.But the most closely watched encounter will be a meeting with his Russian counterpart , Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov , on the sidelines of the OSCE talks late in the week.At NATO , alliance partners will want to hear how America can help defend them against the newly global threat of North Korea 's long-range nuclear missiles.Tillerson gave a major speech on European policy in Washington on Tuesday to preview his agenda ahead of the trip -- and he did not mince words about Russia.He will tell his NATO Western allies that they must stand shoulder-to-shoulder to oppose " the enemies that threaten our security and oppose our way of life , " while Russia must be brought to reverse its intervention in eastern Ukraine through relentless sanctions pressure . - ' Best friend ' - " Any resolution to the war that does not entail a fully independent , sovereign , territorially-whole Ukraine is unacceptable , " Tillerson declared . " Our trans-Atlantic unity is meant to convey to the Russian government that we will not stand by this flagrant violation of international norms , " he said.But for this warning to be credible , Tillerson must be seen as speaking for the whole US government and the president , who has shown no enthusiasm for sanctions against Russia.Trump -- who in 2013 suggested he become Russian leader Vladimir Putin 's " best friend " -- opposed a law passed this year by Congress that could impose new sanctions from January , over Russia 's Ukraine intervention and alleged interference in the US presidential election.The White House has even attempted to play down the conclusion of US intelligence that Russia deployed hackers and propagandists to assist in Trump 's election win.But since that victory , the Trump administration 's other major players -- Tillerson and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis -- have taken a tougher line . - Russian-backed rebels - Relations with Russia are at a low after tit-for-tat closures of diplomatic missions , although both sides seem to want to cooperate to stabilize Syria.Despite the enmity , progress may be made this week in agreeing terms for a United Nations mission in Ukraine.Putin has suggested Blue Helmet troops deploy to protect the unarmed OSCE monitors struggling to oversee the shaky ceasefire between Kiev 's forces and Russian-backed rebels.Western powers would like to see the force have a broader mandate . Germany 's Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel met Tillerson in Washington on Thursday , and afterwards told reporters that they found themselves in agreement on the crisis . " We believe that we absolutely need a robust mandate by the United Nations for a peacekeeping mission , " Gabriel said , warning that tough negotiations lie ahead . " There are -- not minor , but truly significant -- differences between Russia , the United States and us Europeans , " he said . The UN mission must have the authority to implement the truce and enforce the withdrawal of heavy weapons from the disputed and conflict-torn Donbass region , Gabriel said . " We share this view with our American partners , " the German minister added.Despite overwhelming evidence of its involvement , Moscow continues to deny that it has played a role in the eastern Ukraine fighting . - Missile shield - On North Korea , Europe had a rude awakening on Wednesday when Kim Jong-Un 's North Korean regime demonstrated that his banned missile program can , in theory , strike targets on the continent.Any high-altitude shield to protect Europe from North Korean missiles flying over the pole could breach non-proliferation deals with Russia , promising a new diplomatic row.Trump , meanwhile , has already made it clear that he thinks the United States already pays more than its fair share of the costs of NATO 's collective defense.Tillerson is due to arrive in Brussels late on Monday . He has talks with EU and NATO leaders on Tuesday and Wednesday before flying on to Vienna for the OSCE.Heading home on Friday , he will stop in Paris for talks with senior French officials.dc-burs / it	Under Trump 's shadow , Tillerson heads for Europe
Ulaanbaatar ( AFP ) - North Koreans have toiled and slept at construction sites in Mongolia , they have operated cashmere sewing machines , and their acupuncture skills are highly prized in one of the few democracies employing them.But the nearly 1,200 North Koreans living in the country wedged between Russia and China must now pack their bags as Mongolia enforces tough United Nations sanctions severely curbing trade with Pyongyang.The UN estimated in September that 100,000 North Koreans work abroad and send some $ 500 million in wages back to the authoritarian regime each year.But the UN Security Council ordered nations to stop providing guest worker permits to North Koreans after Pyongyang detonated its most powerful nuclear bomb.The US is now pushing for more sanctions after the regime tested another intercontinental ballistic missile in late November.North Koreans have to leave Mongolia by the end of the year as their one-year work authorisations will not be renewed , the labour ministry said . " Private entities will not be able to offer new contracts due to the UN resolution.Mongolia has been following every part of the resolution , " Shijeekhuugiin Odonbaatar , a Mongolian foreign ministry official , told AFP.The number of North Koreans working in Mongolia has dropped every year since peaking at 2,123 in 2013 . There were 1,190 North Koreans employed in the vast country of three million people as of November -- often under murky work and living conditions.Most of the North Koreans who work abroad are in China and Russia , but they have also been found elsewhere in Asia , Africa , Europe and the Middle East.Across the world , they work 12-hour to 16-hour days , with only one or two days off per month.The North Korean government takes between 70 and 90 percent of their monthly wages , which range from $ 300 to $ 1,000 , according to the US State Department.But their days abroad are numbered.Some 150 North Koreans have left Angola.In Qatar , the contracts of some 650 construction workers will expire next year.Poland , where as many as 500 have laboured , will not renew work permits.The head of a Russian parliamentary delegation visiting North Korea this week said " everything " must be done to allow those who have already received work permits to finish their jobs in Russia , where an expert estimates around 30,000 live . - Cold basements - In Mongolia , construction companies have hired North Koreans for their reputation for working long hours without complaint.They live in toolsheds of construction sites or in the basements of apartment projects.They never take time off or even leave the construction sites as they are not allowed to wander in the city on their own . In September , a 27-year-old North Korean worker died after falling from an apartment in a residential complex under construction in Ulaanbaatar.At the fenced-off site , AFP journalists saw three toolsheds with a clothes line strung between them.The workers angrily refused to talk to the reporters and tried to grab their cameras.A South Korean Christian activist who has sought to help North Koreans said he wished that Mongolians would do more for those who work in poor conditions . " In winter most of them live in the basement of the building that they are building.There is no heating in that unfinished building , " he said , speaking on condition of anonymity . " Unfortunately , it is too risky for South Koreans to help those workers directly.I used to help some of construction workers in the past , through one man.But one day , that man just disappeared.I never saw him again . " - Begging to stay - Conditions at Mongolia 's garment factories have also faced scrutiny.But more than 100 North Koreans left Gobi Cashmere , Mongolia 's biggest cashmere factory , after their contracts ended in August . " We hired North Koreans because of a lack of Mongolians skilled in operating garment machines , " the company 's lawyer , Tsogtbayariin Tsaschiker , told AFP . " The South Korean press publishes false stories that the companies pay North Koreans with shirts , not money.We paid them exactly the same salary as we pay our Mongolian workers and they work eight hours like the Mongolian workers.They used to receive their salary through Mongolian banks . " North Koreans are also renowned for their skills in traditional Korean medicine , including acupuncture and chiropractic care.The facilities send their salaries to the North Korean embassy , which then pays the staff.The embassy declined to comment.The acupuncturists and chiropractors have better conditions than the construction workers as their food and apartments are provided by the clinics.Sunjidmaa Mitiya , chief doctor at Sky , a private traditional medicine hospital , said her two North Korean employees attract many customers . " Patients always have high satisfaction with their treatment and more patients come to our clinic thanks to the good results see by other clients , " Mitiya said . " They work from their heart , and they are happy to work in Mongolia , " she said . " The previous doctor ... begged the clinic to hire him again after his contract ended . "	North Koreans face Mongolia exit as UN sanctions bite
&gt; Bitcoin is a cryptocurrency and worldwide payment system . [ 8 ] : 3 It is the first decentralized digital currencyWikipedia and everyone else keeps repeating “ decentralized ” word in every mention of Bitcoin.It is not.Decentralization - WikipediaDecentralization is the process of distributing or dispersing functions , powers , people or things away from a central…en.wikipedia.org &gt; Decentralization is the process of distributing or dispersing functions , powers , people or things away from a central location or authorityBitcoin was supposed to be decentralized , but it did n’t end up this way . And never will . Proof-of-Work is dead.I do n’t even need words to explain it , just look at the beautiful charts below ! ( Let ’s obviously assume 51 % get the power to do something ) “ Centralization ” is decentralization with 1 entity being the center2 . Still centralization … 3 . Is it … oh no , still centralized ( the right one controls more than 50 % , i.e. they are being the most important center ) 4 . Let ’s get back to Bitcoin.Technically , you need to hijack 3 – 4 entities to control it . Let ’s pretend Chinese pools are non-colluding businessesand not just one entity pretending to be 5 — which I really doubt . GHash failed because they publicly demonstrated owning 51 % . Chinese miners are smarter than that ;) Look how nicely the hashrate is divided with no clear leader … It is still heavily centralized , because decentralization = 3 is just 2 entities away from a single center . But this is the chart that shows _ miners _ . Miners are physically located in countries . Let ’s get back to real world because : Countries have full authority over physical entities located in them , including miners .5 . Here is the graph of non-China vs ChinaNow please look back at the 3rd chart . Anything familiar?Bitcoin , Ethereum , and all Proof-of-Work coins are cen-tra-li-zed . You either have 3 – 4 miners owning the consensus , or 1 country owning it . Either way , it fits into the term centralization . When someone says they are decentralized , point them here.This is not “ bad but we can live with it ” . This is game over . Bitcoin is 1000 times slower version of UnionPay — they both work at mercy of China . And I ’m somewhat sure UnionPay has somewhat better appeal in their eyes . . It ’s only security-through-obscurity that keeps it allegedly “ decentralized ” in eyes of the public.In case if you ’re really that stubborn to repeat the mantra “ miners do n’t get to set the rules ” look into another article that shows how double spending works https://medium.com/@homakov/how-to-destroy-bitcoin-with-51-pocked-guide-for-governments-83d9bdf2ef6bIt ’s true that there ’s no on-chain governance and in-protocol way to push an update ( which I think is stupid , and Tezos/Dfinity/Failsafe will make way more sense and move faster ) , but it does n’t matter . As long as you can mine empty blocks , or re-write the history , you control the chain.And no hard-fork to different PoW alg can save you from that , because you will start with a much weaker hashrate , form square one , back to 2009-level of security . Only switch to Proof of Stake can help.This is how true decentralization must look like ( 51 entities to hijack ) , both for business entities and for countries where they are located .	Stop . Calling . Bitcoin . Decentralized .
The NSA has n't been having the best week when it comes to security , but it 's getting at least some closure . A former employee , now known as Nghia Pho , has pleaded guilty to bringing home classified data that was later stolen in a hack linked to Russian intelligence . Pho is expected to face prison time when he 's sentenced on April 6th , but prosecutors have capped the maximum penalty to 8 years ( versus the typical 10 ) and are open to calls for a lighter sentence given the non-malicious nature of the case.Pho took a mix of digital and physical info home between 2010 and 2015 . According to New York Timessources , he was using it to rewrite his resume -- this was intentional , but not spiteful . The Russian hackers reportedly exploited the Kaspersky antivirus software on his PC to take data , but it 's not clear that Kaspersky was aware of what happened . The company previously acknowledged that it briefly held some NSA data , but there 's no word on whether or not it held that data.The plea is only going to help so much when the NSA has bigger fish to fry , such as the Shadow Brokers leaks ( there 's no indication that Pho is connected ) . It does show that the agency is racing to crack down on the multiple leaks it has suffered over recent months and years , however . The effort might also serve as a warning shot to NSA staff that may be tempted to leave with data , even if it 's for innocuous reasons.Department of JusticeThis article originally appeared on Engadget at https://www.engadget.com/2017/12/02/ex-nsa-worker-pleads-guilty-to-removing-data/	Ex-NSA worker pleads guilty to taking data involved in Russian hack
The host of the most-watched morning show in America becomes the latest figure to fall from grace , and Marvel sets the record for the most-watched trailer of all-time . Welcome to the Zeitgeist Chronicle . Every weekend we catch you up on the past week ’s most interesting pop culture and news events . Sometimes it ’ll be what everybody ’s talking about , other times it may be something we ’d like to bring attention to . Our goal is keep you informed enough to be able to have a conversation about any of these current events . This week : The Host of the Most-Watched Morning ShowThe list continues to grow . Harvey Weinstein , Kevin Spacey , Louis C.K. , and this week : Matt Lauer . The host of America ’s most-watched morning show , NBC ’s The Today Show , is the latest white man in a position of power to have his predatory sexual behavior brought out of the shadows . By now , we know how these stories play out : rumours about a powerful man being a sexual assaulter are confirmed to be true , the man releases a boilerplate apology , and suffers a few , mostly short-term , consequences.Matt Lauer , after anchoring The Today Show for about 20 years , was fired , he released a meaningless statement that ’s mostly just a formality , and will now fade away , until he possibly attempts a “ comeback ” in a few years . The most interesting thing about this particular case was a small detail in the reporting : Lauer had a button under his desk that could lock his office door . Did he use that to his advantage and against the women he “ invited ” to his office ? Unfortunately , yes . Does this sound like a movie villain cliché ? Also , yes.About That Secret Button in Matt Lauer 's OfficeThe anchor 's door-locking mechanism acts as a particularly vivid metaphor for the amount of power and protection many … www.theatlantic.comReturning to the boilerplate apologies that these men have released , there is one good thing that has resulted from them all ( besides exposing them , of course ) . Because of the sheer number of instances we ’ve seen just this Fall , the repetition has highlighted just how meaningless these “ apologetic ” statements are . Thankfully , we have poet Isobel Hare , who has been editing out all the bullshit in them.Someone is editing all the bullshit out of celebrity sexual assault apologiesOver the past month , as more and more victims of sexual assault and harassment come forward to name their celebrity … www.avclub.comThe Most Watched Movie Trailer of All-TimeYou know which movie trailer I ’m talking about . You ’ve probably watched it multiple times by now . ( If you do n’t know or have n’t watched it , here it is : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZfuNTqbHE8 . ) The teaser trailer for Avengers : Infinity War is now the most-watched movie trailer of all time , a record it broke in 24 hours , and , as of writing this , has surpassed 62 million views.Much of the reaction so far has been centered around two things : the very meme-able Thanos and Captain America ’s beard . Other interesting moments were Spiderman ’s upgraded suit and spidey sense , and a cameo by the Guardians of the Galaxy ( and teenage Groot ) . Avengers : Infinity War : breaking down the biggest clues in the movie 's first trailerWhen Marvel 's Avengers : Infinity War comes out in May , it will be the culmination of 10 years of Marvel moviemaking … www.vox.comThe biggest story surrounding the trailer was the announcement that preceded it , in which it was announced that Avengers : Infinity War , part 1 and part 2 , will likely be the end of the current generation of heroes , as Marvel shifts to focus on new ones , such as Spiderman , who was introduced this year , Black Panther , whose solo film is up next , and Captain Marvel , who is allegedly going to make her debut in Avengers : Infinity War . That being said , do n’t be too sad because Captain America and company will still be assembling a few more times before then .	Nov. 26-Dec . 2 : The Views
Got bored of wearing the same old standard cotton shirts ? Then add a bit of rich look to your style by wearing silk shirts . It accentuates your outfit in just a moment.The silk shirts can be paired with jeans , formal pants , pencil skirts , short pants , capris , palazzos and with many more options . The elegant touch provided by these shirts is unparalleled as compared to usual cotton shirts.The versatility factor of silk shirts is amazing . It can be worn in the day as well as in the night , in any formal or social gatherings and in all seasons with a variety of lowers . It gives a feminine and classic touch to any kind of outfit . The shiny texture , softness and delicateness of the fabric set you apart in the crowd.Christinaindia.com offers a multitude of colours and prints in the silk shirts category to choose upon . Floral , patch-work , block-work prints or plain coloured with 3/4th sleeve length gives a great chic look to your personality.The beauty of silk shirts is that , it is comfortable and yet so elegant that women of all age groups can wear it effortlessly . The best looks of your personality can be shown off by it . It is easy to wash , faster to dry and needs less space for storage.These shirts can be tucked in with a flowing maxi skirt , for an evening party . The best mantra to follow with it is — minimal jewellery or accessories . You do n’t require too many accessories to wear if you are in silk shirts.If you are bored of cotton shirts and kurits then , silk shirt is a fine replacement option . The elegance provided by it is timeless and can be worn in college , office , meetings and evening parties . You can experiment it with parallel pants to give a 70s era look . In cooler weather , teaming it with contrast coloured blazer surely makes a statement about your personality.Silk shirts are a must have in a woman ’s wardrobe . Check out our unique and pure quality silk shirts at very reasonable prices . Browse at our online store — christinaindia.com any time , you will surely feel satisfied with our prompt and genuine service .	Elegant Silk Shirts for All Seasons
It may not feature in Morocco 's official tourism brochures but cannabis attracts thousands of visitors a year to the North African country.At a hotel bar in the northern region of Ketama , German tourist Beatrix made no attempt to hide the joint she was rolling.The 57-year-old said she had fallen in love with the area for " the quality of its hashish and the friendliness of its residents " . Hassan , a 40-something sporting a conspicuous gold watch , said cannabis was " our main source of wealth " . " The climate here is very special . Nothing grows here except kif , " he said , using a Moroccan name for the drug.Northern Morocco is a key production centre for hashish for export to Europe , but it has also seen traffic in the other direction -- an influx of European visitors heading to sample the local pleasures.While Moroccan law bans the sale and consumption of the drug , that has not stopped farmers growing vast plantations of it , providing a living for some 90,000 households , according to official figures for 2013 , the most recent available.Smoking kif is seen as part of the local culture , and is largely tolerated by the authorities.Beatrix was among the organisers of the mid-September " Bombola Ganja " festival , essentially an evening gathering of smokers at a hotel swimming pool . - ' Kifficulteur ' tours - Cannabis leaves appeared prominently on the poster on Facebook for the event , alongside the names of trance DJs and a call for cannabis to be legalised for medicinal purposes.Ketama hosts thousands of tourists a year , mostly from Europe but also from other parts of Morocco . " People are attracted by the mountains , the hiking , the climate , " hotel director Abdelhamid said.But it has also been famed for its cannabis since the 1960s , when it became popular with hippies seeking the high life.Later it gained a reputation for lawlessness , and by the late 1990s guidebooks were advising tourists to avoid the region entirely . " Tourism saw a sharp decline , " Mohamed Aabbout , a local activist , told AFP , adding that " the extension of kif culture to other cities in northern Morocco " was partly to blame.Hashish has helped put the town of Chefchaouen , high in the hills 100 kilometres ( 60 miles ) to the west and now buzzing with visitors , well and truly on the map . " Twenty years ago , the tourists were mainly young Spaniards who came to smoke , " one local tour operator said . " Now , non-smokers also come for the blue of the city , highly appreciated by Chinese tourists . " Famed for its narrow alleys lined with striking blue houses , the town is also the main urban centre of a region famed for its cannabis production.Small-time dealers and unlicensed guides approach tourists to offer them hashish or a tour of nearby farms to meet the " kifficulteurs " -- local cannabis producers . - Field visit ? - Chefchaouen guesthouses offer a similar service for around $ 18 ( 15 euros ) , although they are careful not to mention it in their brochures.On the terrace of a strategically located cafe , dealer Mohamed approached potential buyers , showing them a large pellet of hash and offering a " field visit " to see how the cannabis is processed.After gathering a group of tourists , he took them to a nearby village.Standing in a field , with cannabis plantations covering the hillsides as far as the eye can see , he pointed out the varieties being cultivated . " Here you have the Mexican plant , the Afghan and the beldia ( Arabic for domestic ) , " he said.Most farmers in the area import seeds in order to ensure a bigger harvest , he said.Nearby , a group of young French tourists crossed the plantation with another guide.The two groups met in front of a modest building where a farmer tapped a container full of cannabis clippings , collecting the finely powdered resin in a bucket below . Dressed in a Paris Saint-Germain football jersey , one of them said he had just bought a batch of the drug worth $ 230 ( 200 euros ) . Women from the village watched the scene with amusement as chickens pecked around the cottage.The farmer took the bucket to his workshop and returned a few minutes later with the finished product -- a block of hashish . " Here , you smoke where you want , except in front of the police station , " Mohamed said .	Tourists roll up for Morocco 's cannabis trail
This is a photo of me at Bisti beach , on the idyllic Greek island of Hydra . What is it saying to you ? That I ’m happy ? That I ’m having the time of my life , frolicking in the turquoise-blue waters of the Aegean Sea ? That I can afford an extravagant holiday on the other side of the world?Maybe . Maybe not.You do n’t truly know.But let me tell you . What it ’s not saying is that I found the water utterly freezing . That I only dipped in for a few seconds because I thought it ’d be a shame — and a waste of money — not to get salty seawater on my skin , having flown over multiple time zones.It ’s not saying that I was n’t enjoying myself ( the smile even fools me ) . That I felt lonely , even amongst people — people who were kind , but whom I could n’t connect with . That I wished I were home with my loved ones.Sure photos evoke feelings — but they ’re your feelings of your perception of a micro moment in time.That ’s how we easily delude ourselves when we see others ’ photos , as we scroll down our social media feeds . It ’s how comparison sets in.Even if we know that we can never see what ’s actually going on.It ’s easy to look at people and make quick judgements about them , their present and their past , but you ’d be amazed at the pain and tears a single smile hides . What a person shows to the world is only one tiny facet of the iceberg hidden from sight . And more often than not , it ’s lined with cracks and scars that go all the way to the foundation of their soul . ~ UnknownLike the hairline cracks appearing in a relationship of a newly wed couple while honeymooning in Paris , who are slowly coming to realise the difference between romantic love and the love that ’s required to sustain a marriage.Like the anxiousness and sadness of a person out on the town , drinking cocktails with a group of friends she ’s outgrown … because what she really wants is to be at home reading a book on the couch , but fears she ’ll miss out or be lonely if she does n’t play by social norms.Like the gruelling days/months/years of hard work , failure and sacrifice behind a start-up that is now become a successful business , or of someone who ’s lost 20 kilos and is now running marathons.Like the self-doubt of a woman donning size 2 lululemon active wear , eating an acai bowl while in a pretzel-shaped yoga pose.So , stop comparing yourself to someone else ’s life — one that you ’ve made up in your head.Get offline to live your real life — every messy bit of it .	A picture paints a thousand wordsthat you can not see
NEW DELHI ( AP ) — Virat Kohli scored an unbeaten 225 and shared a 135-run stand with Rohit Sharma to guide India to 500 before Sri Lanka took a wicket with the ball before lunch on day two of the third cricket test.In reaching his sixth double century , Kohli overtook Brian Lara as the player to score most 200s as test captain . Lara scored five of his nine career test double centuries as West Indies captain . Legendary Australian batsman Don Bradman posted 12 double centuries , but only four of those as test captain.Kohli resumed Sunday on 156 , with India at 371-4 , and helped India add 129 in the morning session without losing a wicket until Lakshan Sandakan ( 3-148 ) had Rohit ( 65 ) caught behind off a bottom edge.The fifth-wicket pair set a hectic pace , scoring 71 runs in the first hour and another 58 in the second.After scoring 213 in Nagpur , Kohli scored his second consecutive double hundred off 238 balls . Overall , he has batted for 391 minutes , facing 266 balls and hitting 23 boundaries.India leads the three-match series 1-0 after winning in Nagpur by an innings and 239 runs . The first test in Kolkata was drawn .	Kohli 's unbeaten 225 guides India to 500-5 on day 2 vs SL
I played a lot of sports as a kid . Baseball mostly . My first love . It meant the world to me and I took it with a deadly seriousness , which was about all I took seriously during those angst-ridden teenage yearsI grew up in suburban Ontario , Canada and at the time , I was good enough to play in the province ’s highest league for pre-college baseball players . I had the privilege of traveling North America playing ball . Our season would start in March , in Florida , just like the pros did , and it ’d end in October as the snow began to fall . By October it felt as though my arm as going to fall off , which would later be the downfall to my “ career ” but I did n’t care because I was playing baseball.Given the level I was playing at , parents could be … tough . Hell , parents can be tough in t-ball , it makes little difference what level we ’re talking about here . My relationship with my father was proof of this as it ebbed and flowed with my performance on the field . He was n’t abusive . Not even a little bit . Opinionated ? Definitely . High expectations ? Without a doubt . Angry ? At times , YES . It did n’t help that I was a disobedient little shit , though . Point being , he was never abusive . I wanted to impress him so badly and he wanted me to succeed , so the pressure was always on us both . When he was around , I ’d be a mental wreck before games I had to pitch . It got so bad one of my coaches asked him to stay home when I was set to take the mound . That recommendation did our relationship no favours.He also was n’t a screamer . At least not in public . There were enough of those kinds of parents and they made the environment toxic . They ’d berate their child , the children of other parents and , Lord only knows , the children on the opposing teams . It ’s an ugly side of youth sports that people are all too familiar with in North America . But sports are big business here and the payoff for the 0.1 % who make it is unfathomably massive . You know this , I ’m sure.In recent years , I ’ve noticed there ’s been a push by society and the sporting community to identify misbehaved parents and exile them from our diamonds , gridirons , arenas and courts and it ’s an effort I applaud . You can teach your child discipline and work ethic and game or life skills without belittling his or her existence . Am I crazy for thinking that ? I do n’t think so.Now , as good as it is to encourage parents not to unleash their anger about their childhood , job , boss and relationships on children , there ’s a big hairy BUT ! I have no choice but to mention.It ’d seem that during this purge of bad parents , we ’ve let the pendulum swing too far in the other direction . Sort of.I saw this sign hanging in an arena in Pickering , Ontario today : A couple things to note here . First , the spacing . It ’s an abomination . Why is there more space between “ they ” and “ played ” than “ played ” and “ well ” ? And why is the second line indented and the first is n’t ? Okay , that really has nothing to do with the purpose of this piece , but it bothered my sensibilities every time I walked by it this afternoon.What bothered me was the content of the sign . It ’s promoting you lie to your children so you can virtue signal , to use the parlance of our chaotic times , that you ’re the polar opposite of those whack-job parents who scream and yell at teenagers and officials every weekend . Not only do you never berate your child , you never would dare tell your child they played anything less than well.It ’s the whole every child gets a trophy ethos applied to parenting.Here ’s the thing . Well , it ’s a few things , actually.Everyone has bad games and bad days.It ’s not a big deal to have bad games and days.Telling children they played well even when they did n’t is a lie.They know it ’s a lie.It ’s extraordinarily patronising to children.If everyone always plays well , even when they did n’t , what ’s the incentive for improvement?You know it ’s a lie yet you do it anyway.Despite all seven of those points , they still come second to making your child feel unconditionally safe and comfortable.I was having a conversation with my fiancee , who is a teacher and has dedicated her entire being to understanding how we can raise children better , and I made the assertion that parents in our age have mistaken unconditional love for unconditional comfort . They seem to think comfort is love . She agreed that that might be a part of what ’s going wrong in some parent-child relationships.Comfort is not love . Comfort is a lie . Mostly . And unfortunately , whether or not you choose to tell your kid the truth , which is some games and days are better than others , does n’t matter . Life will eventually let them know they ’re not as good at something as you led them on to believe they are and that ’ll send their world crashing down upon them and it could lead to them resenting you.As a young athlete , there was nothing more infuriating than being patted on the head or hugged after a bad game and the words , “ Do n’t worry , you played your best , ” or , “ You tried hard and that ’s all that matters , ” or , “ I thought you played really well , buddy ! ” came out of some over-consoling adult ’s mouth who clearly did n’t just see me go 0 – 4 with four strikeouts and two errors.Your child wo n’t love you any less if you tell them the truth . In the long run , it ’ll be beneficial to them in the same way not going into petulant fits of rage would be.The remedy to psychotic parents is n’t a parent who lies to spare their child from the realities of life . The remedy to both those types of parents is unconditional love and the truth and that rule transcends sports .	Do n’t lie to your kids . But do n’t be an asshole either .
You , I remember the way you looked at me on the first night that we were together . It was as though I were ethereal -- truly , an Alaskan Goddess . It was everything that I 'd ever dreamed it would feel like . I felt god-like . We grinned like fools , spatted like lovers , and I did n't see a thing wrong with the world we were fabricating . Or rather , the world you were creating for me.These things , that feeling of bliss , however , can not take away the fact that you hurt me . You cheated on me , with the slightest curve of your lips.I know you said you loved me , but I ca n't help but think that was a farce . We were , and are , too young to know what that cursed word means.I worry that some day I 'll find myself in a similar relationship . That I 'll be disillusioned , isolated , and crushed like before . It 's what keeps me from what could be true happiness right now.I agonize over the idea that I 'll never find love -- that I 'll continue to bounce from lover to lover , fling to fling , never truly satisfied because I remember the high that I had with you . I 'm scared I 'll never be 100 % over you.I worry that one morning I 'll wake up and remember the good times with you , and find myself in a rerun of the same mistakes , a broken record , again , again , trust him again , I dare you because maybe I want to play roulette with my heart again . Again , I 'll bet on my soul and come up empty handed . Then I 'll do it again , just for kicks . It 's my biggest fear.The distance between us , physically , is the only thing that is keeping me together . It helps the healing process , because I do n't have to see you.I fear , though , that I 'll still find a way back in your life , or that you 'll force your way back into mine . It 's the biggest fear that I have at the moment.I worry that my self-sabotaging nature will get the better of me.I worry that I 'll someday be the same girl I was over five months ago -- alone , and controlled by someone who she should 've run from at the start . I worry that I 'm not half as strong as I 'd like to be , as I need to be.I worry about many things . But I know that one day I will be stronger . I know that I 'm not the same girl that I was at the start of this year . But that 's okay -- it 's a part of growing . A part of learning , a part of living.I remember you once told me that I 'm your Wonder Woman . I realize , now , that I AM Wonder Woman . Just not yours . And I never will be , because I am my own Wonder Womana proper end to this account — a post to reflect the first .	To the Man Who Once Told Me I Am Beautiful :
Police evacuate and comb at the Memorial City Mall in Houston , Texas , the United States , Dec 2 , 2017 . A shopping mall in Houston in the US state of Texas was evacuated after reports of possible active shooting Saturday evening . [ Photo/Xinhua ] HOUSTON -- An alleged shooting incident on Saturday in a shopping mall in Houston in the US state of Texas was actually a smash and grab at a jewelry store . There were no injuries or casualties , local police said.A robber smashed a jewelry case with a hammer inside Macy 's at the Memorial City Mall , about 20 km west of Downtown Houston . The robber then fled the scene , James Jones , assistant chief of Houston Police Department said at a media briefing.The police initially received the 911-call about an alleged shooting incident Saturday evening . Police had described the scene as " a pretty big chaos " as they evacuated and combed the mall for " a possible active shooter . " The police confirmed later that there was no evidence of any shooting at all . " It 's Memorial City Mall at Christmas time , that 's why there was a massive reaction , " said Jones .	Alleged mall shooting in US Houston turns out to be burglary
The British actress celebrated the “ three-dimensional ” character , saying it is part of a “ big change ” for women ’s representation in film.Daisy Ridley has denied wanting to give up the “ awesome ” role of Rey at the end of the current Star Wars series.She celebrated the “ three-dimensional ” heroine , who has been hailed as a role model for boys and girls at a time of debate over the lack of such roles for women.Ridley returns as Rey in Star Wars : The Last Jedi and will again revisit the part in the ninth episode – but reports had suggested she wanted it to be her last . “ When I did sign up I did sign up for three films … and that ’s where I sort of saw the story ending , JJ ( Abrams , The Force Awakens director ) said the same thing , ” the British actress told the Press Association in Los Angeles . “ I think everyone has perhaps taken that as me going , ‘ I do n’t want anything to do with it ’ which is vastly untrue because this is awesome . ” Hollywood produces a dearth of leading women characters , with women accounting for just 29 % of lead solo roles and 37 % of major roles in the top 100 grossing films of last year , according to research by the Centre for the Study of Women in Television and Film.Ridley , 25 , said it was meaningful that Rey features in a film produced a major firm , Walt Disney Studios , and praised Abrams and producer Kathleen Kennedy for the character . “ JJ has always put brilliant females in his things and Kathy also has had such a vast career with three-dimensional characters , full stop , regardless of gender , ” Ridley said . “ So I think it was wonderful and then the fact it came from a big studio says a lot too , and I think there ’s a big change already . Obviously there ’s still a long way to go . ”	Star Wars ’ Daisy Ridley : Reports I wanted to stop playing Rey ‘ vastly untrue ’
I 've been seeing a guy for a couple months now , going on dates ( once per week , moved to twice a week , and then every other night ) . We are exclusive but have n't given the official label of gf/bf yet because he wants the day to be super special even though he said he 's ready to . However , there are times where he really confuses me because I ca n't tell if he lost interest , thinks I 'm being too interested , or is playing it cool . He said I am the hardest girl he has ever met , we have n't slept together and he said I 'm not clingy at all and I act distant , or do n't let him in like other girls have . I have many suitors as he is aware of , as I 've told him since I want to build that trust , and he has me . There are times where I sense he is super invested in me ( he let it slip that he checks my location on Snapchat regularly by asking me what I do in ___ this town , why my location was hidden one night , etc . Yet , then when I do start to let my guard down and give him what he says he wants , or act more comfortable around him , he tenses up and kinda blows me off . For example - We work together , and he has always been the one to approach me . A week ago he made a comment about how he is always the one to approach me and i never have . So today I made an effort and approached him twice , and he basically ignored me or hardly looked or said anything to me . I do n't get it ? I walked up to him on purpose to talk to him and he acted like he did n't even have the time . He 'll sometimes make comments like " well if you are n't interested ___ , we can throw in the towel " or " you wo n't hurt my feelings if you do n't want to stay longer " but by how he behaves , he does care . Even when I 'm around his friends , they make comments about things he said to them that show he is invested in me quite a bit . I 'm so confused : s	Will a guy still " play it cool " after he has been seeing a girl for a couple of months or is that only an initial thing ?
WASHINGTON ( AFP ) - Is it a giveaway to the rich or a relief for the middle class ? A boon for business or unnecessary stimulus for an economy already at full employment ? The sweeping tax reform package adopted by a slim margin of 51-49 early Saturday by the Republican-controlled Senate has sparked fierce debate among economists.It also has yet to be reconciled with a separate version passed by the House of Representatives.But the proposal 's main planks included a reduction in corporate tax rates from 35 to 20 percent , increasing some deductions for individual taxpayers while eliminating many others and reducing taxation on partnerships . The White House portrays the new tax package as the largest tax cut in US history and says it is aimed at spurring growth and producing higher wages and corporate profits while encouraging tax-shy companies to repatriate their wealth.One of the proposal 's main boosters , Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin , recently touted a letter from nine economists who asserted that the first comprehensive tax overhaul in three decades would lift annual GDP growth by 0.3 percent over 10 years.But a University of Chicago study found that among 38 economists , the overwhelming majority doubt growth will increase and nearly all believed it would balloon the national debt.The Joint Committee on Taxation , a nonpartisan committee which estimates the cost of tax policies , also found Thursday the bill now passed by the Senate would add $ 1 trillion to the deficit.Many economists argue that this kind of stimulus has limited impact when the economy is growing at its full potential pace.Disagreements have at times turned personal , with former Labor Secretary Robert Reich , a Democrat , writing in an opinion piece on Wednesday that Mnuchin was either a " fool or a knave , " accusing him of lying about the supposed benefits of the tax overhaul . - Is now the right time ? - Reich cited the findings of the Tax Policy Center , according to which over a decade most of the proposal 's benefits are likely to go to the wealthiest one percent of Americans while the upper middle class would likely face a higher tax burden and the poorest would see only small tax cuts.But according to Douglas Holtz-Eakin , one of the economists who signed the letter cited by Mnuchin , said the modified new tax code aims to boost production and supply , rather than demand.Entrepreneurs are among the first who stand to gain , with corporate tax rates falling as much as 15 percentage points , supposedly down to a level in line with those in other developed countries . But US companies have long benefitted from tax deductions that brought their effective tax rate down to around 21 percent.Another boon for the business world : partnerships and other so-called " pass-through " companies whose profits are enjoyed directly by their owners -- and which account for half of corporate revenue and 90 percent of small businesses -- will see steep tax cuts.Multinational companies also will be encouraged to repatriate their profits at a preferential tax rate.According to Holtz-Eakin , these changes are all incentives for innovation and investment that will drive productivity in the United States.However , as White House economic adviser Gary Cohn found while attending a business conference recently , many companies plan to use excess cash from the tax cuts to increase their dividend rather than invest in equipment or hire more workers.President Donald Trump 's administration argues that wages should rise after having stagnated for decades when accounting for inflation.Holtz-Eakin said productivity gains should make hiring workers more profitable and cause companies to compete for available labor by offering higher salaries.Others call the timing of such a tax overhaul into question , given that the world 's largest economy is already close to full employment and the Federal Reserve is poised to pounce on any sign of inflation by raising interest rates.Lloyd Blankfein , the CEO of Goldman Sachs , expressed similar doubts last month in an interview with Bloomberg . " I ca n't say this is the moment where you want the most fiscal stimulus in the market , when we?re mostly at full employment , when GDP last registered at 3 percent , " he said . " I don?t know that this is the moment that you provide the biggest stimulus . " by Virginie MONTET	After hot debate , US tax bill a boon to businesses
SYDNEY ( AP ) — Substitute Blake Powell scored in the 78th minute to give the Central Coast Mariners a 1-0 win over the Perth Glory in Australia 's A-League on Sunday.Powell , who is two weeks into a comeback after nearly a year recovering from injuries , assisted on one of the Mariners ' goals in the 4-1 win over Wellington last week.The 26-year-old Powell replaced Kwabena Appiah with 13 minutes to play at Gosford and created and scored the game 's only goal.Earlier Sunday , the Melbourne Victory moved into sixth place with a 3-2 win over the last-place Wellington Phoenix.The Phoenix led at home after two first-half goals from Andrija Kaludjerovic , but the Victory leveled on goals from Besart Berisha and an own-goal from Gordan Paracki before James Troisi scored the winner in the 86th . In other matches , Manny Muscat scored the clincher as Melbourne City ended a four-game losing streak with a 2-1 victory over second-place Newcastle.Sydney FC increased its lead atop the standings to five points when Brazilian striker Bobo scored the only goal in a 1-0 win over Adelaide United . Brisbane beat Western Sydney 2-0 on goals by Ivan Franjic and Massimo Maccarone .	Mariners score late to edge Perth in Australia 's A-League
During the Responsible Business Forum held in Singapore last month , Mr Masagos Zulkifli , Minister For The Environment and Water Resources , Singapore has reaffirmed Singapore ’s commitment towards sustainability and climate change.Although Singapore only contributes 0.11 % of global emissions , the city state has pledged to work with the industry to improve energy efficiency from the current level of 0.6 % , to 1 to 2 % annually . This is the annual energy efficiency improvement rates achieved in leading countries like Belgium and the Netherlands.Watch his speech below.FacebookIt looks like you may be having problems playing this video . If so , please try restarting your browser.www.facebook.comFirst , Singapore will introduce carbon tax in 2019 to encourage companies to be more “ carbon-free ” in their operation . All the revenue generated from this tax will go into supporting initiative to improve energy efficientSecond , Singapore government will lead by example in adopting clean energy in public sectors . For instance , the Government has implemented the SolarNova programme to accelerate solar growth locally and to aggregate solar demand across various agencies . With the limited land area , floating solar panels will be deployed on reservoirs to further increase city ’s solar capacity.Third , Singapore will be investing in clean energy research and development . Research centres , such as the Solar Energy Research Institute of Singapore ( SERIS ) and the Energy Research Institute at NTU ( ERI @N ) , are collaborating with industry to support efforts towards large-scale deployment of solar systems.On the global front , Singapore works closely with international partners to exchange knowledge on climate change and green growth . Under the Singapore Cooperation Programme , more than 112,000 officials from developing countries have visited Singapore to study key areas such as sustainable development , urban planning , and water management to date.Read his full speech hereOriginally published at The Neo Dimension .	Singapore Contributes Only 0.11 % of Global Carbon Emissions ; Pledged to Improve City ’s Energy Efficiency .
You May Have Missed on Medium in November ( Issue 2 ) Despite the commitment of many authors to NaNoWriMo , November has been full of outstanding articles , on Medium , as usual.I promised a less verbose issue , so I wo n’t repeat why and what.Two novelties , in the list : some members-only posts and one bonus post from the previous months.The November listAbout the one emotion that will finally allow you to change.If you want to reinvent yourself and have too many options , you need to read this . ✳️ Where is your Home ? ( 6 min ) Clarifying article on finding your way as an entrepreneur . ⭐️ Members : Writing in the Ether ( 4 min ) A relaxed perspective on the authentic writing which does n’t let itself be spoiled by stats.If you think you ’ve talked enough about your work , read this and consider again.Your best habits may also become a trap . Four crucial advices to avoid it . ✳️ Tales From Rock Bottom ( 3 min ) I hope you never hit the bottom . Words from someone who did more than once.The unobvious legacy of Bruce Lee about true intellectual confidence.No expectations to conform , from your family ? Good for you.Bonus post ✳️ The gift of Sensemaking ( August 2017 – 3 min ) I could n’t believe this had a single fan . Clear words about life instructions and the cost of freedom.Have a precious reading.Göttweig Abbey library , Austria — Source : Wikipedia	You May Have Missed on Medium in November ( Issue 2 )
The Wellington Phoenix are in freefall with coach Darije Kalezic saying his squad lacks winners and disciplining Gui Finkler for walking out on his team-mates . The Phoenix blew a 2-0 halftime lead at Westpac Stadium in Wellington on Sunday night to lose 3-2 to the Melbourne Victory . Finkler was not part of the squad because of what Kalezic described as " disciplinary issues " , stemming from when he was substituted during last weekend 's 4-1 loss to the Central Coast Mariners , also at home . " Gui Finkler after the change he left the field , and also the changing room and the stadium . Did n't wait for the team-mates and made a choice for himself , " Kalezic said . READ MORE : * Phoenix blow two-goal lead * Recap : Phoenix v Victory * Sydney FC defeat Adelaide Kalezic said it was an isolated incident and was not indicative of how the rest of his squad acted . But he did n't hold back when commenting on his side 's meek home performances , which also include squandering a 3-1 halftime lead to draw 3-3 with Brisbane Roar at home on October 28 . The explanation for those losses was simple , Kalezic said during a 20-minute post-match press conference on Sunday . " What happens here now , first of all we do n't have a team with winners . Eleven or 15 winners on the field , because if you have winners this can never happen . " Of course as a coach or staff you can make some wrong tactical choices , you can make some wrong changes which will have the wrong influence on the result . That can happen and I am the first one who would tell this . But after many games we lead at home , comfortable leads , we give the game away . That confirms we are good enough , another way you can not lead , but it 's not good enough as a team to win the game . " They were swept aside by a rampant Victory team which commanded 60 per cent possession and registered 21 shots . They were lucky to concede just three goals . Still , Kalezic said Andrija Kaludjerovic 's first-half brace across two minutes should have been enough for his team to get their second win of the season . So how many winners does he have in his dressing room ? " That answer has to be given from the players to me next week , " Kalezic said . " I do n't know what the players are thinking , maybe in the past they do n't do too much effort and play . " When I come here to Phoenix we are changing now a new page . This is what we have to go through , which can happen . " We are here to help the team go through the process , but everybody has to understand that they have to be winners if they want to change Wellington Phoenix from the club that they were , to the club that everybody would be proud of . That 's it . " Kalezic said he was happy with how things played out tactically on Sunday , although said the speed with which the three lines of defence , midfield and attack moved up was not quick enough in the second half and allowed the Victory too much space . It was also an issue against the Mariners and he said changes would have to be made to personnel if it continued . " We put a lot of attention on that in the training . No-one here can say we do n't train or put attention on that . Still , every week it comes back in the game . " We have to talk with each other , who can do that and who can not do that ? " You could sense the immense frustration from Kalezic throughout the press conference , with his side three points adrift at the bottom of the A-League ladder with just one win from eight games . To his credit , he answered the questions as honestly as he could , and did n't fall back on tired cliches about needing more effort from his team . But he has a lot of work to do to create more winners in the squad and turn this club around . AT A GLANCE Melbourne Victory 3 ( Besart Berisha 54 ' , Goran Paracki O.G. 57 ' , James Troisi 86 ' ) Wellington Phoenix 2 ( Andrija Kaludjerovic 29 ' , 31 ' ) . HT : 0-2 .	' We do n't have winners ' - Wellington Phoenix coach blasts his squad while disciplining Gui Finkler
North Korea Sunday blasted the United States and South Korea as " warmongers " on the eve of their largest-ever joint air exercise , saying it could trigger a nuclear war.The comments came as White House National Security Advisor H.R McMaster warned of the " increasing " possibility of war with the impoverished but nuclear-armed North . The five-day Vigilant Ace drill -- involving some 230 aircraft including F-22 Raptor stealth jet fighters -- begins Monday , five days after the North test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile believed capable of hitting the US mainland in a fresh challenge to President Donald Trump . The North 's ruling party Rodong newspaper slammed the upcoming drill . " It is an open , all-out provocation against the DPRK , which may lead to a nuclear war any moment , " it said in an editorial Sunday , using the North 's official name . " The US and South Korean puppet warmongers would be well advised to bear in mind that their DPRK-targeted military drill will be as foolish as an act precipitating their self-destruction , " it said . The commentary was published a day after Pyongyang 's foreign ministry accused the Trump administration of " begging for nuclear war " by staging what it called the reckless air drills.McMaster said the possibility of war with the North was " increasing every day " . " I think it 's increasing every day , which means that ... we are in a race to be able to solve this problem , " he said at a forum on Saturday . " There are ways to address this problem short of armed conflict , but it is a race because he 's getting closer and closer , and there 's not much time left , " he said . The North says the Hwasong-15 missile fired Wednesday can be tipped with a " super-large heavy warhead " capable of striking the whole US mainland . But analysts remain unconvinced that it has mastered the advanced technology to allow the rocket to survive re-entry to the Earth 's atmosphere . The months-long nuclear standoff between Kim and Trump has fuelled concerns of another conflict , after the 1950-53 Korean War left much of the peninsula in ruin . But even some Trump advisers say US military options are limited when Pyongyang could launch an artillery barrage on the South Korean capital Seoul -- only around 50 kilometres from the border and home to 10 million people .	N. Korea blasts ' dangerous ' US-South joint military drill
When was the last time you thought about your competitors ? And no I ’m not talking about the Slack frenzy that occurs when you post a link to a competitor that copied your website or entire product ( true story ) . When you enter the keywords ‘ competitor research ’ into Google — you ’ll be bombarded with SWOT analysis templates , feature grid matrixes , and other genuinely unhelpful methods . Think about the SWOT analysis : how can you tell what the true weaknesses are that your competitors face ? It ’s extremely difficult and almost impossible to know the in ’s and out ’s of their strategy . Traditional competitor research is also super difficult to turn into something actionable.After all , competitor research takes a tonne of time . The last thing you want is for all your hard work to sit nicely in a Google Drive folder — never to be looked at again . You want something your product team can actually use to drive better decisions . This modern competitor analysis guide is ideal for anyone working with SaaS and software products . Fellow PMM ’s will know : finding resources on the internet about product marketing tactics is really hard.How I conduct competitor researchThere ’s a lot of value in understanding how your competitors are positioning themselves : what they ’re working on ; and how they perceive the problem they ’re trying to solve . The trick is to not get obsessed , particularly when they copy you . By arming yourself with deep market knowledge — you ’re guiding the product teams , informing business strategy , and helping better position your product in the market.A good competitor analysis will help frame the problem your company is trying to solve and aid you in understanding the ‘ why ’ behind your competitors.The below tactics have helped me pull together information that has informed go-to-market tactics.Let your customers tell youYour sales/success and support teams are your key intel providers . It ’s foolish to think your potential customers are only looking at your solution . Research tells us that companies typically evaluate four or more products when deciding on a new tool to use . Think back to the products you ’ve purchased in your life . No doubt you conducted comparative research to find the best solution/bang for buck.To pick the brains of the respective teams , I conducted internal interviews to find common names of competitors . If Slack is your weapon of choice , create a Slack channel called #competition to post links to competitors that arise . As a bonus , it provides a place you can easily access when it comes time to update your competitive intel.Use their productsIt ’s an obvious one . Put on your customer hat and look at things like : what ’s their onboarding like ? What features do you they point you to first ? What language and naming conventions do they use for various aspects of their product ? By understanding the weaknesses in their product ( and strengths ) you can better develop your points of difference.Read their about pageAbout pages offer seriously solid information . It ’s where I go to get a big picture view of what the company is about . They can provide a sense of the company ’s mission , product timeline and vision for the company . Timelines are particularly useful to understand at what point the company might have built additional functionality in their product , or shifted their focus.Read their press news , especially interviewsInterviews with founders can be quite telling . In interviews I look for decisions the CEO has backed . Look at how they market their features , what language do they use ? How they explain similar solutions helps provide more context about the problem . From this type of research , you can get a good feel for how large the company is . Are they celebrating small wins or big wins ? CEO ’s always ( at least in my research ) touch on the greater mission/drive behind the company . Look at whether that mission has shifted since the company first started.Product BrochuresMarketing collateral tends to be more ‘ visionary . ’ You can surface information like : how are they positioning their product ? Are they looking to be the ‘ big-data ’ product ? Or are they focussed on current pain points in the market ? Carefully look at the words they ’re using to describe their offering . How does it stack up against yours ? Do your value propositions speak to your mission or the problem you ’re trying to solve?Logos on the marketing websiteLooking at the logos they promote on their website provides some indication of who they serve in the market ( eg . SMEs or SMBs ) . For example , are all their logos of companies in Australia ? Perhaps you can assume their market share is limited to one region.Side note : This method is n’t entirely accurate as logo choice can come down to approval processes . So they could be hiding their really big customers due to this.Careers pages/Linkedin JobsI found it useful looking at their careers pages/Linkedin jobs . This gave me an idea of the areas that competitors were looking to move into . For example , if they ’re hiring a bunch of Enterprise sales roles , perhaps they ’re trying to shift their sales strategy . Do they seem to be hiring for one discipline ? Careers pages are gold for this reason.Join webinarsReading the titles of upcoming webinars gives you an indication of where they might be taking the company . Are the webinars mostly product-related ? Are they about industry trends and forward-thinking ? If a webinar is called “ The Future of X industry ” you can bet your money that the competitor is thinking about how macro trends will affect their product roadmap.How to use this researchGet your company onboardThe most effective way I found to present this research was through what I call a “ Research Roadshow . ” Build a beautiful , clear , concise deck and present it to different disciplines/departments . Be prepared for questions like : what now ? Your team will want to know how they can integrate this into their everyday work life.Use it in the project scoping phaseAs your product teams are scoping out the next feature or improvement , you can add your competitive intel . The risk in a crowded marketplace is duplicating what ’s already available . Your product needs to stand out , and how else will you know what ’s out there without good ol’ competitor research.Competitor battle-cardsCreate competitor battle-cards that analyse their offering and how it stacks up against yours . Arm your sales team with these to help them close deals.Regular market updatesKeep the momentum going by providing quarterly or bi-yearly updates . I ’ve heard some companies deliver weekly competitive intel sessions , and others do it every 6 months . Whatever cadence works for your company and team . *** Market research is a difficult and valuable task — not only for your own marketing knowledge , but also for the internal product teams . Competitor analysis gives you an ongoing understanding of how you are perceived in the market.Good luck!Footnote : As a fairly new discipline within marketing teams — it ’s hard to find good comprehensive guides on product marketing . I ’ll be posting more product marketing content in the future . Hit follow to keep updated : )	How to conduct competitor research that ’s actually useful for building products
Why do I want to write any blog ? No particular reason . My experience in writing is limited to the short essays I used to do for the college magazine . In fact the term “ fillers ” would probably do them more justice . So then why even bother with a blog ? I guess because I need to express my thoughts to people beyond my immediate circle of friends — and take learning ’s from all.The journey that I want to start out on is to explore the concept of being a Karma-Yogi in my professional life — a Corporate Karma-yogi if you like . Essentially imbibing the concept of taking joy just in the act of work , without worrying about the end rewards or recognition . Exploring what does it take to approach work with a detachment to the success or failure of the endeavor ; giving your 100 % in your job without getting impacted by the environment or the people around you.Well , to start off by giving a context , I have done fairly well in my professional life , and have grown in my career &amp; won awards both big &amp; small . To drive variety , I have worked across sectors , and in various roles . However , all roles quickly lose their charm . I typically tend to brood on the “ great ” problems that I am faced with , the difficulty of delivering results , lack of cooperation , etc . This emotional drama that plays out inside me is expressed externally through various forms — like being continuously tensed at work , a strong dislike in coming back from holidays , or groaning on Monday mornings ! Honestly this level of internal drama is exhausting ! Imagine watching a bad soap opera continuously , whose plot just does n’t seem to move on!I keep reading that the solution is to do what you love . Now , like most people , I really do n’t know what is it that I will “ love ” doing — I have spent 14 years thinking about it , and have not found the answer . What I am starting to believe is that the answer to enjoying one ’s professional life lies not in searching for that perfect role , or that perfect fit , but rather enjoying whatever it is one is doing at that point in time . Now , this is an attitude thing , and how does one change one ’s attitude?If I objectively analyze my daily work-life , I have felt moments of high satisfaction — whenever a project has been completed or on days where I have worked flat out to complete the long list of “ to-do ” on my plate . The satisfaction is highest when I am in the moment , not really thinking about the expected outcomes , the problems that are out there , or the amount of work that is pending.This got me thinking about the philosophy of the Karma-Yogi — in a nutshell , a person who focuses on the action , without worrying about the success / failure of the endeavor.So , can I become a sort of Corporate Karma-yogi — taking joy in the act of work , without too much worry about the scale of project involved or the challenges facing me ? I did a bit of google search , and this topic strangely did not come up — Wow — Something not in google ! So I have decided to start this self-exploration . I really want to understand what defines a Karma-Yogi , and how can I apply those ideas to my work life.I aim to research some material on a Karma-Yogi on a monthly basis , and try &amp; apply those concepts to my work-life . I will keep sharing my progress and would love to hear back from you all , on what has worked for you.Till the next post then !	Becoming a Corporate Karma Yogi : Why write a blog on this ?
He has never been in a relationship until before he met me . After dating for 3 weeks , he confessed that he 's not ready for a relationship , and i told him we could stay as friends if you are not ready . However he did n't want to be just friends , that 's how this relationship started . We had fun things together , going somewhere , watching movies , hanging out with his friends , etc . And 4 months later , he told me he wanted us to stay as friend , did n't develop strong enough feelings , and we do n't have many things in common . It was just so abrubt . Because he told me things like - you are so pretty , gorgeous , smart , perfect . I really enjoy spending time with you . How you 've been single for that long time , how other guys did n't ask you for a date . . After break up we cought up for a coffee and he told me he cried because he was upset as things did n't go well , and i 'm desirable so i 'll find someone soon . How ca n't he have feelings for me if i 'm desirable ? He did n't mean what he said ? Or just used me for a new experience in his life ? I 'm still so confused .	My ex told me that I 'll find someone very soon because I 'm desirable . Why does n't he want me then ?
In a 2015 TedX conference , Rajiv Maheswaran detailed how often and to what extent movement occurs on a basketball court , both in the professional levels and in local recreational leagues . In his presentation , he transformed the digital image of basketball players into “ moving dots ” to lessen the complications that could ensue from using digital images of humans as a way of presenting his information . Maheswaran and his colleagues possess a program that can analyze how people move in specific situations . The speech that he proclaims to the audience targets people who happen to be curious in how things move in different speeds and in different directions in order to accommodate the needs of modern society . By presenting his knowledge at a TedX conference , Maheswaran is achieving his goal of spreading awareness in how advanced analyzations of movement can provide the world with many benefits.I myself , as a lover of basketball , found Maheswaran ’s presentation very intriguing . Through the use of advanced programming , his machines are capable of producing knowledge that human statisticians are incapable of doing . As a basketball player , I think that his findings can help organizations across all levels of basketball succeed in their respective competitions . With the direction that our world is heading in , I would n’t be surprised if coaches opt to utilize the types of machines Maheswaran described as a part of their coaching strategies . After all , the TedX website goes as far as vouching for Maheswaran by stating that “ Rajiv Maheswaran and his colleagues are analyzing the movements behind the key plays of the game , to help coaches and players combine intuition with new data . ” An asset in the hands of Maheswaran is the manner in which he uses persuasive techniques to entice the audience to agree with his claims . He uses ethos , or credibility , to his advantage . Combine the fact that he is the CEO and co-founder of the company “ Second Spectrum ” , with the fact that he implements gestures and a friendly speaking tone , allows Maheswaran to establish a trusting and inquisitive relationship between himself and the audience . Maheswaran demonstrates a strong use of pathos by informing the audience of the multiple positive effects that his company ’s product can have on humanity , which leads the audience to feel optimistic for the future of not just the world , but also for how their own personal lives could be benefitted as well .	The Math Behind Basketball ’s Wildest Moves
I am constantly getting stressed by the fact that I ’m growing old . And thats a bad thing as taught to me growing up in India . There are so many things I love to do . . Way Too many passions . . But I ca n’t put my mind on anything ... Civil service was something ... But nowadays when I start to prepare . . I lose energy . . I feel I ’m not in the right path , that the attraction for me was only the respect and power of the position . . All the bad reasons . . I feel I want to study again . . Visit different countries . . I want to sing . . I want to draw . . I want to write . . I even feel like dancing . . There are a million things I wan na do . . And I do n’t have time ... I wish I could try everything I want to ... Make mistakes . . Fail . . And be okay . . But I ca n’t ... Anywhere but in India . . Here , we need to do everything by 25 and get married . . I do n’t even want to get married . . I am not ready . . I honestly do n’t know if I ever will . . I do n’t want to have kids . . I hate that kind of life . . I love my freedom . . I love it that I can go back to mom and dad whenever I like and be their baby even at 30 . . Be pampered . . I do n’t want to take care of anyone . . I ’m selfish . . I ’m sorry I ca n’t . .	Confessions of a confused Indian girl
( Tribune News Services ) - A leading neo-Nazi web site facing a harassment lawsuit for targeting a Montana Jewish woman has asked a federal judge to throw out her complaint , arguing that neo-Nazi memes and anti-Jewish slurs are protected free speech and pose " no true threat " to Jewish people.Whitefish , Montana , real-estate agent Tanya Gersh sued Daily Stormer blogger Andrew Anglin in April after Anglin targeted the woman for a " troll storm " in a post on the web site . Gersh said Anglin 's supporters harassed her over the phone , by mail and over the internet with threatening messages and antisemitic slurs , including a meme showing Gersh being sprayed with a green cloud , according to a lawsuit filed on Gersh 's behalf by the Southern Poverty Law Center , an anti-racism nonprofit . Other messages told Gersh to kill herself , according to the lawsuit , which alleged invasion of privacy , intimidation and infliction of emotional distress.But in a motion to dismiss the lawsuit filed in federal court in Montana on Thursday , Anglin 's attorneys laid out a defense that argued the messages were " generally recognized anti-Semitic tropes , without actual harm reasonably to be construed , " according to the filing . " And , even Nazi expression , no matter the psychic harm on Jewish residents , is nonetheless protected speech , " the motion says . " Thus , there was no true threat . " Why One CEO Decided To Kick Nazis ( The Daily Stormer ) Off The Internet ( YouTube/VICE News/HBO ) The Southern Poverty Law Center 's case against Anglin marks one of the most aggressive attempts to combat the burgeoning white-nationalist movement in the US , which has drawn energy in recent years from Donald Trump 's presidency and web-savvy personalities such as Anglin.Decades ago , the law center launched its earliest efforts to use civil litigation to dismantle far-right groups , such as the Aryan Nations and various Ku Klux Klan chapters , by winning large damages against the groups in court , forcing them to turn over their assets and declare bankruptcy.The group is reviving that strategy for the 21st century.Its lawsuit against Anglin is part of a larger , " multifaceted , multi-pronged effort to undermine the strength of those people and those organizations that spew hate and keep them from entering and taking over the mainstream , " David Dinielli , one of the group 's primary attorneys on the case , said in an August interview at the group 's headquarters in Montgomery , Alabama . " We would love it if we obtained a judgment that is sufficient to hound Andrew Anglin the rest of his life and hobble his ability to engage in his online hate ever again , " Dinielli said.But one of the group 's biggest challenges has been trying to find Anglin to serve him with the lawsuit and set the gears in motion to get one of the far-right 's most reclusive figures to appear publicly in a courtroom.Process servers were unable to find Anglin in Ohio , where his family lives , and so the group turned to posting notices in a local newspaper in order to fulfill legal requirements to file notice that he was being sued.Anglin was certainly well aware of the lawsuit , posting on the Daily Stormer , one of the internet 's most popular far-right sites , that " this site will be shut down if we do n't win this " lawsuit filed by " Jewish terrorists . " Anglin raised more than $ 150,000 for his legal defense from a start-up crowdfunding site and told media outlets that he now lived in Nigeria . ( " You should n't be worried about Nigeria , " Anglin wrote in an email earlier this year when The Los Angeles Times asked skeptically about the reports , and he declined to comment on the lawsuit . ) Over the last month , attorneys representing Anglin , including Marc Randazza of Las Vegas , Jay M. Wolman of Hartford , Connecticut , and Mathew M. Stevenson of Missoula , Montana , started filing motions to launch Anglin 's legal response to the lawsuit.Randazza previously told the Los Angeles Times that the Southern Poverty Law Center 's case was " about censoring views that they dislike , rather than vindicating any real legal rights . " Thursday 's motion to dismiss marks Anglin 's most substantive defense so far . It argues that Anglin 's calls for a " troll storm " were protected by the First Amendment 's right to free speech , saying the comments were " made on a web site to spur others to express their opinions to Plaintiff and her associates " and " to contribute more speech to the marketplace of ideas . " The motion also argues that Anglin did not violate Gersh 's privacy by publishing her phone number , address and social media profiles , including that of her 12-year-old son . " All of the information Defendant allegedly published about Ms. Gersh was publicly available , " the motion said.But where is Anglin ? The motion declined to say , adding that the Southern Poverty Law Center " bears the burden of proof in establishing ( Anglin 's ) domicile " and that Anglin " is not a citizen of any State . " The Southern Poverty Law Center said its attorneys are reviewing the filing . ( c ) 2017 Los Angeles Times , Distributed by Tribune Content Agency , LLC .	Neo-Nazi site asks for lawsuit over antisemitic memes to be thrown out
SAN FRANCISCO ( AFP ) - US media and entertainment giant Disney has renewed discussions for the purchase of some of rival 21st Century Fox 's assets , The Wall Street Journal reported Saturday.Talks between the two began several weeks ago but fizzled due to disagreements over price , according to the newspaper.Fox and WSJ parent News Corp share common ownership in the family-led empire created by mogul Rupert Murdoch.Other companies such as Comcast , Verizon and Japan 's Sony have also expressed varying levels of interest , the report added , citing people familiar with the matter.The discussions are focused on the Twentieth Century Fox movie and TV studio , some international assets like Fox 's 39 percent stake in British satellite TV operator Sky , India 's Star TV , and some US cable networks -- but not Fox News -- long seen as a jewel in the Murdoch family crown.Disney is interested in solidifying its Hollywood and television positions and getting the Fox library of content to bolster its arsenal against Netflix and other rivals.Disney , which owns the ABC television network , ESPN and has major studios in Hollywood , is set to launch its own streaming services aimed at competing against Netflix , Amazon and Hulu.The news comes as another major media deal , between AT&amp;T and Time Warner , has been challenged in an antitrust filing by the US Justice Department.The rise of streaming services and the so-called cord-cutting movement against cable television , together with declining advertising revenue , have contributed to a rapidly changing landscape for media companies .	Disney resumes acquisition talks with Fox : WSJ
Here ’s why the GOP tax plan is “ repeal by another name ” The Senate tax plan proposed by Republicans will have devastating effects on the healthcare of millions of Americans . “ This is a quiet but substantial attack on the cornerstone of the Affordable Care Act and is repeal by another name , " said Jeremy Slevin , the associate director of advocacy for the Poverty to Prosperity Program at the Center for American Progress.I spoke with Slevin for an interview with Salon about the political implications of the Senate 's proposed bill . The bill will repeal the individual mandate , which the Congressional Budget Office has estimated will lead to the loss of insurance for 13 million people.Slevin says to expect insurers to leave the market and for premiums to go up . In addition , the huge tax breaks in the plan will raise the federal deficit by $ 1.4 trillion , which Slevin says will cause Medicare to come under fire as Republicans look to make up for the losses by cutting entitlements . “ I do n’t think the actual distribution of these tax cuts is being properly covered , " Slevin says of media coverage , despite the dramatic impacts the law could have.Watch the video above to hear more about why this move is one Republicans repeatedly employ to create cuts to programs like Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security.Tune into SalonTV 's live shows , " Salon Talks " and " Salon Stage , " daily at noon ET / 9 a.m. PT and 4 p.m. ET / 1 p.m. PT , streaming live on Salon and on Facebook .	The Senate tax bill is quietly targeting healthcare
Arsenal legend Ian Wright believes Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is upsetting rival managers.The German oversaw a stunning 5-1 win at Brighton yesterday , with wantaway star Philippe Coutinho the star of the show , scoring once and providing three assists.Klopp was ecstatic with his side 's performance but his opposite number Chris Hughton was less than impressed as he confronted him after the game.Wright was n't surprised by the Brighton manager 's reaction and thinks Klopp should start showing more respect to his opponents . “ The thing with Herr Klopp when you score four or five and the fist-pumping and the gurning kind of gets to you , " he said . “ I 'm sure there are other managers who feel the same way about him . He 's doing people 's heads in . " Despite his anger at his behaviour , Wright was hugely impressed with the way Klopp has got his team playing.He added : “ They are unbeaten in six , winning five , scoring 19 goals , they are just so quick . “ They have everything in that front three and you 've got Mane on the bench . If you can keep Mane on the bench , something must be going right . “ Mo Salah , Firmino and Coutinho are just full of pace . "	Wrighty : Liverpool boss Klopp antics upsetting rival managers
Joel Embiid won Round 2 against Andre Drummond — both on and off the court — as the Philadelphia 76ers took a five-point victory over the Detroit Pistons on Saturday night . And of course , he went on Instagram after the game : LeBron has become a clutch basketball god The Grizzlies raged back to tie the game after trailing the Cavaliers by 11 midway through the fourth quarter . But LeBron James put Cleveland on his back to ensure the W. He ’s also a really big Ohio State fan . The Celtics won 20 games before anyone else And Kyrie Irving , in full adjunct professor attire , explained why the team is n’t surprised by their early success . Some cool highlights Giannis had 33 Gary Harris doing Gary Harris things Jameer Nelson ’s got ta be quicker than this And uhhhh ... George Hill is mad Sacramento ’s 7-16 record probably has a little bit to do with this . Saturday ’s NBA scores Celtics 116 , Suns 111 Mavericks 108 , Clippers 82 Hawks 114 , Nets 102 Cavs 116 , Grizzlies 111 76ers 108 , Pistons 103 Bucks 109 , Kings 104	NBA scores 2017 : Joel Embiid defeats Andre Drummond in Round 2
Medical imaging is one of the largest stumbling blocks on the road to electronic health records ( EHR ) . Many medical facilities have heavy investments in existing film - and paper-based equipment that they can not easily replace.Radiology and cardiology have forged ahead into the electronic era , but other specialties like dermatology , ophthalmology , and endoscopy are still in transition . This makes it vitally important to have a strategy for bridging legacy equipment into enterprise EHR systems.Medical-image and video-device recorders ( MDRs ) are an important part of this strategy . MDRs capture still images and real-time video in a variety of analog formats , and integrate the resulting digital files into the EHR system.Digitizing Medical ImageryTypically , MDR systems incorporate high-end image sensors with a fair amount of storage and processing capabilities . MDRs traditionally used wired GbE for communications , but adding Wi-Fi makes it easier to connect the devices into the hospital enterprise network . Whether wired or wireless , data interfaces must be highly robust and support real-time image transmission . This is essential to applications like surgery and critical care.Like other imaging technology , the MDR market bases some of its product differentiation on the ability to handle increasing image resolution formats . Physicians value this added image clarity as higher-quality imagery often leads to more accurate diagnoses.Safety and SecurityTo be practical , MDRs must be small , reliable , and easily wheeled around the facility on a small cart . Low-power fanless designs are preferred , as they are easier to clean . Plus , fanless systems are less likely to disturb patients since they generate less noise . And of course , the units need to pass FCC , CE , and UL certifications to be used in a hospital environment.HIPAA requires that healthcare organizations protect patient data , and imposes strict penalties for noncompliance . A security breach not only violates the patient ’s privacy but could also lead to identity theft since EHRs contain significant personal information . Thus , security is a major design objective of any network-connected processing device like MDRs.Powering Medical Device RecordersThe new 7th generation Intel ® Core ™ processors offer several important features for MDRs . Most notably , they incorporate accelerated 4K hardware media codecs , which include HEVC ( 10-bit ) , VP8 , VP9 , and VDENC video encoding , decoding , and transcoding.Still-image performance also gets a boost . CPU performance is only slightly higher than in the previous generation , but memory and storage get significant upgrades . Specifically , the memory interfaces gain DDR4 support , including support for DDR4 1.2 V up to 2133 . On the storage side , Intel ® Ready Mode Technology for PCIe * improves performance , responsiveness , and reliability.Despite the speed boost , power consumption remains the same as before . Parts are available with a TDP as low as 15W , making fanless design a cinch.Security has not been forgotten , either . Features here include Intel ® Software Guard Extensions ( Intel ® SGX ) to help protect data while in use , Intel ® Memory Protection Extensions ( Intel ® MPX ) to help protect memory from buffer-overload attacks , and Intel ® Boot Guard to securely boot machines.The merits of the new chip can be seen in the KU171 compact Mini-ITX motherboard by DFI ( Figure 1 ) . This board targets MDR markets such as X-Ray fluorography , ultrasound , and vascular imaging systems.Figure 1 . The KU171 compact Mini-ITX motherboard targets medical imaging.With Intel ® Active Management Technology , the KU171 supports remote out-of-band management . Intel ® AMT enables IT monitoring and management of processing assets through a secure link , allowing the medical IT staff to manage the MDR as it would any other enterprise device.A Wi-Fi module installed in the KU171 ’s M. 2 slot enables convenient network connectivity , allowing transmission of captured images and videos to a physician ’s laptop or to a central EHR system.Improving Care with the Electronic Health RecordsEmbedded IoT technology provides MDR manufacturers with a means to upgrade interfaces , processing capabilities , and storage capacity as processor roadmaps march forward . By facilitating the transition to EHRs , MDRs help medical organizations provide more responsive , higher-quality care while simultaneously reducing the cost of that care.Eran Strod is a technology writer and marketing consultant . He started his career as an embedded software developer at CSPI — before VMS became Windows . In the era of the Intel i860 , he moved into applications engineering at Alacron and served as a systems engineer at Motorola Computer Group specializing in storage and networking . After earning an MBA at Northeastern University , in the High Tech MBA program , Eran switched to product marketing , managing a 16-core network processor for Motorola Semiconductor . During that time he also led Motorola ’s RapidIO initiative . Eran led marketing for the Defense Business of Mercury Computers and worked in open source governance for Black Duck Software . He managed a digital signal processing product family and software suite for Curtiss-Wright Embedded Computing and as a Director of Product Marketing led the marketing team at Atrenne Computing Solutions.Originally published at www.insight.tech .	Bridge the Digital Imaging Divide with Medical Device Recorders
Altrui.st wants to give web sites a way to use their visitors ' unused processing power for good . " Poverty is the most pressing issues we face as a species , so we came up with an idea ... we are going to give money away , " said Atltrui.st co-developer Dani Guardiola onstage at our Disrupt Berlin Hackathon.If the hack sounds slightly similar to the CoinHive hack that rocked the Internet earlier this year , that 's because it is.But instead of being a way for nefarious , mustache twirling bad-guys , these crypto-robin ( robbin ? ) hoods want to give websites a tool to let users opt in to opening up their processing power for crypto-mining . The fruits of that processing labor would be distributed to people who meet certain requirements , according to the hack 's creators Dani Guardiola and Carlos Jeurissen.The 20 year old Guardiola , who hails from Madrid , and 23 year-old Jeurissen , from Eindhoven in the Netherlands , have known each other for the past six years , but only met in person three months ago.Their first interactions were online , when Guardiola offered to help Jeuressen translate a chrome extension he had developed into Spanish.That connection blossomed into a friendship and when Guardiola said he was heading to Berlin to participate in his second Disrupt hackathon ( he first pitched in London ) , Jeuressen went along.The Altrui.st hack was n't the first idea that the two would-be crypto-consciousness raising entrepreneurs had . That would have been a video player that would only play Nickelback songs -- thankfully they went to the second option . In part because Guardiola has a lifetime interest in social justice . " Basic income is a really big step . There 's a lot of people that have been thinking about how to connect cryptocurrency with basic income , " says Guardiola . " [ So ] why not make a plug in that can just create money and give it directly to the poor ? " For the purposes of the hackathon ( and to be honest , pretty much only for the purpose of the hackathon ) , the hack uses the Deutsche Bank api to connect with bank accounts . More cleverly they 're using geography and the ESRI api as one of the gating agents to determine who would receive the money coming off of the mining operations from that websites allow.Would-be beneficiaries would apply for the basic minimum income using an application process on the Altrui.st site.Here 's how they describe the process : The applicant heads to the application portal and clicks the ' Apply with Deutsche Bank ' button . Then they introduce their personal data to log in on Deutsche Bank . They then pull the data from DBapi , and they pull demographic data from Esri based on the DBapi provided address . Finally , they calculate a score and save the user data on a database.It 's something that both Guardiola and Jeurissen would like to continue and it 's a clever use of crypto . Or , as Guardiola put it in his presentation ... " Altrui.st we fight poverty . " This article originally appeared on TechCrunch at https://techcrunch.com/2017/12/03/altrui-st-wants-to-use-cryptohacks-to-provide-basic-minimum-income/	Altrui.st wants to use cryptohacks to provide basic minimum income
Fear is a path to the Dark side.The revolution will not be televised . It 'll be sent to your inbox by us.Who , if anybody , will turn to the Dark side of the Force in Star Wars : The Last Jedi ? Marketing and fan predictions alike have swarmed the theory that someone will stray from the path of the Jedi in the upcoming second installment of Lucasfilm ’s latest trilogy . While some of these theories are a little out there in a galaxy far , far away , all of them are possible . Because nothing is impossible in science fiction , right?The Last Jedi is expected to pick up where Star Wars : The Force Awakens left off , with Luke Skywalker staring down Rey as she begs to be his protege . Luke , who ’s gone full hermit and wants nothing to do with the Resistance or the First Order after the downfall of his new Jedi Academy — supposedly at the hands of his nephew and former apprentice Kylo Ren and the other Knights of Ren — is a bit grouchy about it.But is he evil ? Here are five characters who might go Dark side in Star Wars : The Last Jedi .5 . Luke SkywalkerLuke Skywalker , hero of the Rebellion , has been the main subject of Dark side rumors since the beginning . Will the farm boy-turned-Jedi master turn to the Dark side in The Last Jedi and belatedly follow in his father ’s footsteps?On November 6 , Luke actor Mark Hamill supposedly cleared up any confusion about whether or not Luke will go Dark side , denying that Luke would ever do so . He might be losing his conviction and scared of the future , but that does n’t mean he ’ll completely turn.Of course , that has n’t stopped fans from continuing to guess that Hamill is straight-up lying and that Luke will back into the Dark side of the Force , holding up two middle fingers to Obi-Wan Kenobi ’s ghost along the way.Marketing for The Last Jedi has hinted , over and over , that Luke will be an aggressor of some sort . In posters , Luke has been shrouded in shadow and standing in the same spot villains , including Darth Vader , usually stand in for Star Wars posters . Half lit by red light , Luke ’s looked pretty foreboding.Likelihood of a Dark side switch : 2/5 ; Mark Hamill is a goof but he ’s not a liar . And we should have some faith in our hero .4 . ReyThe newbie Jedi and lost child Rey is supposedly the hero of this latest Star Wars trilogy . What if she ’s actually the villain ? Fans have speculated that Rey , unimpressed by Luke ’s reaction to her , will turn Dark side — and that Kylo Ren will run back to the Light to meet her and balance things out . International Star Wars posters put Rey in the telltale “ villain ” spot rather than Luke , a move that got a lot of fans to speculate that Rey would be the one to go bad . And that ’s not even to mention the editing on the first full-length Last Jedi trailer , which hinted that Rey would turn to Kylo Ren ( and , thus , the Dark side ) for guidance . “ I need someone to show me my place in all this , ” Rey said in the trailer right before Kylo sticks his hand out . ( Though , that editing is probably bogus . ) Likelihood of a Dark side switch : 3/5 ; It would be a pretty cool storyline to see Rey go Dark side , but considering how important Rey has been to so many little girls and women around the world , it does n’t seem likely that Lucasfilm would mess with that .3 . Poe DameronAn official Japanese translation of Poe ’s character description in The Last Jedi , which was first translated and tossed around the internet back in October , really hinted at Poe getting a little too intense about the war effort . According to the translation , “ both the First Order and the Resistance alike are starting to fear his dedication to the war effort ” in The Last Jedi.Anger and fear are paths to the Dark side . Poe , the best pilot in the Resistance , might just lean a little bit too much into his anger and give in.Likelihood of a Dark side switch : 1/5 ; Poe is the prodigal son , and while he might get a bit intense in The Last Jedi , it feels very unlikely he ’ll actually go full Dark side .2 . PorgsPlenty of Star Wars fans have compared the porgs to Furbies — and we all know that Furbies are creepy devil spawn who are secretly out to get us . If porgs are similar to Gremlins , then their cuddly outsides hide a lizard-demon inside . We already know that porgs are food , so maybe the porgs will get sick of being at the bottom of the food chain , turn to the Dark side , rise up , and destroy everything.Likelihood of a Dark side switch : 3/5 ; Porgs are evil , right ? Right ? 1 . Jar Jar BinksHey , guys , maybe Jar Jar is Snoke . Yeah , that ’s a joke , but Star Wars has done weirder things ( like make Jar Jar Binks in the first place ) . Of course , this is assuming that Jar Jar is even in The Last Jedi and that he ’s , y’ know , alive . We last saw Jar Jar about 50 years ago in the Star Wars timeline and Gungans are considered ancient by about 65 years . But maybe realizing that he was mostly in charge of handing control over to Palpatine and , thus , creating the Empire was too much for him . He fell , and the Dark side pulled him in.Likelihood of a Dark side switch : 5/5 ; Obviously , this is the entire plot of The Last Jedi . Sorry about the spoilers.Star Wars : The Last Jedi premieres in theaters on December 15 .	5 Characters Who Might Go Dark Side in ' Star Wars : The Last Jedi '
A small Saskatchewan town is rallying around a family that is set to be deported soon after Canada Day . " The people are always anxious , " says Russell Slugoski , one of the Moosomin residents who has been helping the family . ' This is such a wonderful family ; we really appreciate having them in our community . ' " They 're always considering what is the possibility of this deportation : is it going to be carried through ? " Slugoski and others in the community have spent the past year on letter-writing campaigns and gathering nearly 1,000 signatures on a petition arguing for the family to be allowed to stay . He says the couple has jobs , the boys are in school and people consider the family part of the community . " This is such a wonderful family ; we really appreciate having them in our community , " he said . Leaving Honduras Victor Santos , his wife and their two children have been living in Moosomin , 200 kilometres southeast of Regina , for the past several years . They first arrived in Toronto in 2011 , where they initially filed for refugee status . Their youngest child , Edward , was born in Canada and is not subject to the deportation order . ' I do n't know if I 'm going to live for a couple of days or dead right there . ' Santos left his home country of Honduras in 2007 after he says he witnessed the murder of a journalist on the street , then began receiving death threats of his own . " I just grabbed my backpack , " Santos said . He began making his way north , first to the United States , then on to Toronto . Santos is nervous about what awaits him in a country he has n't set foot in for nearly a decade . " I do n't know if I 'm going to live for a couple of days , " he said , " or dead right there . " Claim denied Santos 's claim for refugee status in Canada was denied for failing to provide enough evidence to support the family 's fear of returning to Honduras , something Santos said has been hard to corroborate from outside the country . All appeals of the decision have failed for not providing any new information . The family 's last hope is a separate application for permanent residence based on humanitarian and compassionate grounds , in part because Edward has medical issues , which the family believes would be better treated here . They are appealing to the federal government , including Saskatchewan MP and Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale , to intervene . Last chance In a statement from Goodale 's office , Scott Bardsley said he could not comment on the case specifically , but while the minister " does have an exceptional discretionary power to temporarily stay a removal order , that power does not confer status in Canada . " However , Bardsley said a stay would generally only be used to " give additional time to the Minister of Immigration to consider whether there was an exceptional humanitarian or compassionate element that fell through the cracks of Canada 's rules-based immigration system . " Without any intervention , the Santos family has received orders to report to the airport for deportation on July 5 .	Sask . town rallies around family set to be deported to Honduras
This was a one of my favourite haunts for Sunday morning breakfast in Johor Bahru , Malaysia.May 2 , 2015 — W.W. Laksa House 水塘路辣沙 is a Malaysian Restaurant and Coffee Shop located at 6A &amp; 36A1 , Jalan Kolam Air ( Taman Water Works ) , 80100 Johor Bahru , Johor , Malaysia . If you are interested ( and you most probably are n’t , and this may put you off ) , but the W.W. stands for Water Works … The place , as the name suggests , really only serves Laksa , or as it is also called , Curry Laksa.Laksa is a coconut-based curry soup , which contains bean curd puffs , fish sticks , shrimp and cockles ( cockles are optional at WW ) . The small dish in the photo below contains sambal chilli paste ( chili peppers and with shrimp paste , and possibly some fish sauce , garlic , ginger , and rice vinegar ) , which when added to the Laksa gives it a nice kick.The dish also contains noodles and at the Laksa House you get a choice , personally I prefer Yellow Mee , which is a round moderately thin noodleYou also get otak-otak . Otak-otak translates to ‘ fish brains ’ , but is actually ground up fish mixed with spices , the wrapped in a banana leaf and grilled.Typical cost of a large Laksa ( as shown above ) , a drink and some otak-otak is around RM9 ( just under US$ 3 ; £ 2 ) at W.W. Laksa House.Laksa at the W.W. Laksa House	Follow Nick ’s Wanderings on Twitter nickswanderings , Instagram , Pinterest and Facebook .
December 3 , 2017 15:44 Actor James Franco is set to direct and star in a biopic of prolific Jewish poet Shel Silverstein . " The Disaster Artist " trailer ( Youtube : A24 ) Shel Silverstein left an indelible mark on the world of children 's poetry . And now , almost 20 years after his death , the life and work of the Jewish poet will be brought to the silver screen . Fresh off his critically-acclaimed film The Disaster Artist , which opens this week , James Franco is set to both direct and star in a biopic about the prolific artist . According to Deadline , which first reported the news , the film will be based on the Lisa Rogak book A Boy Named Shel . Silverstein , born to a Jewish family in Chicago , was a poet , author , songwriter , playwright , cartoonist and musician . His most famous , enduring works include Where the Sidewalk Ends , The Light in the Attic and The Giving Tree . Franco , 39 , who is also Jewish , has led an equally eclectic though very different career . Amid his prolific acting jobs , Franco has directed and produced a series of films , written short stories , recorded music and taught classes . The film , produced by MWM Studios , is slated to be written by Chris Shafer and Paul Vicknair .	James Franco to tackle life of Shel Silverstein
Brett Hundley had the best game of his career for the Green Bay Packers in Week 12 . Hundley completed 17 passes on 26 attempts for 245 yards and three touchdowns in the loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers . The sophomore QB also rushed once for 6 yards and he did not have any turnovers in the outing . He was sacked four times in the game , however . Hundley will try to stay hot at home against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers Sunday . He has a great chance to have a big game against the worst passing defense in the NFL . The Bucs are the only defense in the NFL to give up 3,000 passing yards this season . They also rank last in sacks on a QB with 15 . Fantasy impact : It is hard to trust Hundley in fantasy given his struggles this season , however , if you want to take a gamble on him this would be the best week to do so . The Bucs are awful at defending against the pass , giving up 360 yards or more in the air the last two games . Hundley still needs to improve in several areas but he showed a lot of promise vs. the Steelers . At home facing the worst passing defense in the league , he has starter potential , though he is still a risky play .	Fantasy football start/sit advice Week 13 : What to do with Brett Hundley
Since June , I ’ve been participating in a fellowship through Global Health Corps ( GHC ) , an organization aimed at developing leaders for health equity . GHC matches fellows with placement organizations in five different countries — Rwanda , Uganda , Malawi , Zambia , and the US . Applications are position-specific , and I was accepted as a Monitoring and Evaluation Associate for the organization Health Builders ( HB ) . Though one post ca n’t do it justice , I ’ll do my best to explain HB ’s work and my role within the organization.What does Health Builders do?Health Builders ’ vision is “ that all people have access to high quality healthcare , allowing them to live dignified , healthy , and prosperous lives . ” This vision is not yet a reality for many Rwandans . But why not?Rwanda , unlike the US , has a tiered healthcare system . In the US , patients go straight to hospitals for many services , whereas in Rwanda , patients first go to health centers . If their medical issues can not be resolved at the health center , they are referred to a district hospital , and subsequently if needed , a referral hospital . In theory , this tiered setup enables basic medical needs to be resolved with fewer resources , while more resources can be allocated for more complex conditions.Unfortunately , these health centers , responsible for 92 percent of all health services in the country , are under-resourced . As a consequence , 95 percent of morbidity cases in Rwanda occur at the health center level.With such high stakes , improving healthcare at the health center level is imperative . Health Builders seeks to achieve this through its work in three areas : management , infrastructure , and technology . Since management is HB ’s main pillar and the primary concern of my work , that ’s what I ’ll focus on.ManagementBecause health centers are responsible for providing many services but are under-resourced , it is of utmost importance that they use resources with maximum efficiency . Health center staff have adequate medical skills to treat patients but lack the administrative skills needed to run their centers efficiently . Poor management often leads to inefficient use of already-scarce resources , which can mean lower quality services and revenue streams . This is a vicious cycle that can lead to even worse resource management.Health Builders seeks to reverse this cycle . Our model centers around mentoring health center staff to manage the health center better so that resources are maximized to achieve optimal patient outcomes and increased revenue . Four days a week , HB sends Health Management Advisers ( HMAs ) to various health centers , where they mentor staff to adopt best practices in domains ranging from finance to pharmacy management to data management.HB ’s focus on management can have a strong impact on a community ’s health . For example , managing a pharmacy well and using drugs before they expire allows a health center to save money that can be invested in providing better quality services . When a community gains access to better quality services , its health outcomes improve.What is my role?My job is monitoring and evaluation ( M&amp;E ) , which is a fancy term that means I measure the impact of our work . One way to think about it is like this : if a public health program is a car going from A to B , then M&amp;E is the GPS that tells you how far you ’ve traveled and if you ’re going the right way.HB ’s theory of change is that improved management in health centers leads to improved access to better quality health care , and ultimately better health outcomes . The purpose of M&amp;E at HB is to define and measure these improvements to demonstrate a link between management , healthcare access and health outcomes.The way we measure improved management is through the Management Performance Survey ( MPS ) . The MPS is a detailed questionnaire that gauges the health center ’s capabilities in six different management domains , including infrastructure , finance , and pharmacy logistics . For example , in finance , the MPS evaluates things like if the cash and bank books are up-to-date ; in pharmacy , it ’s whether drugs are out of stock or expired.Every six months or so , the HMAs will conduct the MPS at health centers . Subsequently , the M&amp;E team analyzes the results and gives them as feedback to the HMAs so they understand the specific challenges of each health center and can better focus their mentorship to address these issues before the next MPS evaluation.My day-to-day responsibilities are generally focused on enabling optimal use of these results . My biggest project thus far has been to develop dashboards in Excel that enable HMAs and other audiences to visualize this data quickly and effectively . It ’s been a lot of learning about fancy formulas like VLOOKUP and INDEX/MATCH , but more importantly , as I ’ve iterated prototypes of these dashboards by seeking feedback from the HMAs , I ’ve learned about the value of user-centered design thinking . More on this later.It ’s satisfying to work in an organization where M&amp;E is seen as critical to our success . It means I get to have a hand in many activities , since data and measuring impact are part of all our programs . For example , I ’ve had the chance to provide data and input into reports for important stakeholders , including the Ministry of Health and Kate Spade ( who knew Kate Spade does humanitarian work ? ) . What have I learned?While not everything has been easy , these four months I ’ve been constantly learning.I ’ve ( re ) learned the power of listening . Whether it ’s in designing the Excel dashboards or improving the MPS , feedback from the HMAs has proved priceless . They have given me countless wise suggestions that I would not have imagined ; design thinking works because the end user does know best.I ’ve learned the importance of data . Specifically , I ’ve been forced to think critically about which metrics are important , how to measure them , whether the data is trustworthy , etc . As our world becomes more data-driven , having this framework to approach data will be invaluable.I ’ve learned the importance of management in public health . At the start of the fellowship , I made a list of goals , of which the most important was “ to gain an on-the-ground perspective of all the factors that influence healthcare delivery and outcomes : health systems , culture , politics , economics , and technology . ” Ironically , I never considered management among those factors , but now that it ’s staring me in the face , I ’m seeing that it ’s an essential part of the story.And that may be my biggest lesson so far in Rwanda : that there ’s always more to the story than I thought.When resources are poorly managed , fewer patients access health services , leading to lower revenue for the health center.When resources are well managed , more patients access health services , leading to more revenue for the health center that can be invested to improve its performance.Health Builders ’ theory of change.Health Management Adviser Jean-Marie mentoring the head of health center on preparing an action plan.Benjamin Tien is a 2017 – 2018 Global Health Corps fellow in Rwanda . All GHC fellows , partners , and supporters are united in a common belief : health is a human right . There is a role for everyone in the movement for health equity . Join the movement — applications for our 2018 – 2019 class open December 6 .	Building Health through Better Management
For the past 40 years , NASA ’s Voyager 1 , the only human-made object flying in the interstellar has been moving farther and farther away from our planet . Now , the agency has successfully fired up four of Voyager 1 ’s backup thrusters it has n’t used since 1980 , ensuring that it can maintain contact with the farthest spaceship from Earth for minimum two to three more years . In order to make its antenna point to Earth , Voyager often requires to rotate itself . With its thrusters , it fires various 10-millisecond puffs to align itself . However , the problem is , the ones that are used regularly have n’t been as effective since 2014 . While it ’s impossible to physically check the condition of a probe 13 billion miles away , experts were gathered first to evaluate the situation . They test-fired the backup thrusters on November 28th , which successfully rotated the spacecraft just as well as the primary ones do . “ The Voyager team got more excited each time with each milestone in the thruster test . The mood was one of relief , joy and incredulity after witnessing these well-rested thrusters pick up the baton as if no time had passed at all , ” said Todd Barber , one of the propulsion experts.As the test was successful , the team will switch over to the backup thrusters in January , enabling Voyager 1 to beam back data to Earth a bit longer . But there ’s a problem . The thrusters need heaters to operate that and heaters need power , which is limited to such an aging mission . Once those backup thrusters can no longer use the heaters , the team will switch back to the attitude control thrusters , on which they have been depending . The similar test will be conducted with its younger sibling ; the Voyager 2 to make sure it can also emit data to Earth after it faces the same fate as Voyager 1 .	NASA enables Voyager 1 fire up thrusters 37 years later
SANTO DOMINGO ( AFP ) - Venezuela 's government and opposition made " significant advances " in the latest talks aimed at resolving the country 's crushing economic and political crisis , they said Saturday after two days of meetings in the Dominican Republic.But there was no agreement and negotiations will continue in Santo Domingo on December 15 , the two sides said in a statement read by Dominican President Danilo Medina . He hosted the talks with fellow mediator and former Spanish prime minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero . " Government and opposition declare that there have been significant advances in the search for an agreement , " their statement said.It added that the meetings which began on Friday established " the firm will " to reach a deal.Foreign ministers from Latin American nations acted as guarantors during the discussions.Previous meetings hosted by Medina have failed to take the negotiations beyond preliminary discussions.The main demand of the opposition coalition , Democratic Union Roundtable ( MUD ) , is the opening of a " humanitarian corridor " to allow the import of desperately needed food and medicines to alleviate the worst of the economic crisis -- along with a guarantee of free and fair presidential elections next year.The opposition is divided over the talks . Some in the coalition dismiss them as nothing more than an attempt by Maduro to buy time as he continues to consolidate power.In addition to Mexico and Chile -- invited by the MUD -- Bolivia and Nicaragua joined the discussions as allies of Maduro.The Venezuelan president is demanding the opposition work for the lifting of US sanctions which prohibit officials and entities of his government from negotiating new debt deals with US creditors.He also wants the opposition-dominated parliament to get behind his plan to restructure Venezuela 's foreign debt , estimated at $ 150 billion.State oil giant PDVSA and Venezuela have been declared in selective default for failing to meet payments on certain bonds in time .	' Advances ' but no deal after Venezuela rivals talk
With James Franco killing it with his take on ‘ The Room ’ , here are seven other films so bad they ’re good .1 . VertigoYou only need watch the first few minutes to realise this is going to be three hours of unintentional hilarity . James ‘ Jimmy ’ Stewart , who has a history of bad films ( check his supernatural thriller It ’s a Wonderful Life ) , plays a policeman afraid of heights . ( What next ? A fisherman afraid of boats ? ) Obviously , all the crooks of San Francisco , or where ever it ’s set , soon learn this to their advantage and he ’s forced to retire . Sounds like a whole film , right ? Wrong . There ’s still two hours of action left.Alfred Hitchcock , the creepy British director , wastes this promising setup by having Stewart then fall in love with a dead woman . The character gets over this by falling in love with another woman but forcing her to have her hair done like the first woman.Are you following ? I was n’t . But Stewart ’s portrayal of a man with obviously severe mental issues predates Jim Carey ’s hilarious work in the Ace Ventura series by decades .2 . Citizen KaneDo you remember the 1997 classic Shallow Hal ? It was a more successful remake of this forgotten Orson Welles picture from the first half of the 20th century . In Citizen Kane , the titular character comfort feeds after having a sledge stolen from him as a young boy . What might have been a sympathetic look at the pressures that young Americans face , and their coping mechanisms too , ends up being enjoyable only through watching Welles get larger and larger with every scene.There ’s a drinking game where you take a shot every time you spot an extra chin . Do n’t try it on an empty stomach ! 3 . Tokyo StoryNobody , not even students with masters degrees in Film Studies , have any idea what ’s going on in this film . You may think that ’s due to all the dialogue being in Japanese , but that ’s not the case . The director insisted that the actors speak nonsense that only sounded Japanese.Why this happened is a mystery . Film critics assume the plan was overdub with English later . However , a lack of funding meant the overdubs never happened . What we ’re left with is a hilarious and surreal picture that literally makes no sense whatsoever .4 . 2001 : A Space OdysseyIt ’s no secret that both Stanley Kubrick and Arthur C Clarke were big fans of cannabis . And you ’ll need to have smoked a fair bit to get anything out of this movie . The highlight ? There ’s a computer who calls everyone ‘ Dave ’ and ca n’t even open doors . LOL.Spoiler : the whole film turns out to be the dream of a baby . Trippy or what ? 5 . The SearchersAnother film where a single decision condemns any attempt to take the story seriously to fail . John Ford , normally a reliable director of westerns , attempts to make Indians ( or Native Americans as they were called back then ) sympathetic and John Wayne slightly villainous . The result is not a nuanced look at the individual struggles and ethical choices forced by Frontier life . Instead , you ’ve got the laugh-out-loud moments of Wayne saying ‘ son of a bitch ’ and spitting tobacco juice on the floor . AND Indians emoting on the big screen.Westworld , it ai n’t .6 . Apocalypse NowOr the worst WW2 movie ever made . Locations like Dunkirk and Berlin are shown with tropical forests and crocodiles etc . The film was shot in the Philippines and all but the major roles , Harrison Ford and Colleen Camp , were filled with locals who do n’t even attempt German accents . It ’s both ridiculous and hilarious.The coke-obsessed director , Francis Ford-Coppola , even manages to rope in his pal Marlon Brando , fresh from his success in Superman , to wash his head and recite lyrics from The Carpenters.What were they thinking ? Nutty fellows ! 7 . BreathlessWhen I first saw this , I thought it was the most perfect parody of French pretentiousness ever committed to celluloid.It turns out it ’s genuine.There are literally people speaking French and wearing berets . But , as in trop of French culture , nothing actually means anything . There are long , lingering shots of the sea and of Paris and I ’m sure they ’re beautiful , but is there a story ? A policeman is shot and … I do n’t know … I was too busy laughing at the close-ups of Citroens , to be honest.The lesson here ? Not every film can be as innovative as Star Wars : The Force Awakens with its attack on a planet-destroying weapon . But even the bad ones can be as entertaining as the man-shoots-gun-in-time-to-music Baby Driver . So , next time you ’re on Netflix , why not have a look at some of the one-star flicks ? You wo n’t be disappointed !	The Seven Best Bad Films Ever Made
And what you should do , as their partnerOne of the more common complaints from people regarding their partners is when they “ wo n’t open up ” — when they seem like they ’ve got something on their mind , or are upset about something , but when asked about simply answer , “ I ’m fine . ” It can be frustrating . And the reasons can vary — sometimes , yes , when dealing with someone who ’s a little emotionally unhealthy , it is as passive aggressive.But there ’s also a myriad of other reasons that are , well , fine … Reason # 1 : It ’s not a big deal and it will blow overThis is by far the most common reason — like 90 % of situations.Sure , something ’s on their mind — but it ’s so small or silly that it ’s not worth discussing , and they know it ’ll blow over.Initial reactions are n’t always rational or realWe may have knee-jerk reactions of fear or insecurity or sadness or anger or whatever that are n’t in our control . What is in our control is what we do with it , and maybe they want to be sure that it ’s the latter , not the former , that they ’re parsing out as an “ issue . ” Feelings are n’t always validWe are entitled to our feelings , but that does n’t mean they ’re all valid . It ’s our responsibility to internalize things we experience so that rationale can catch up to keep things in check them . It ’ll blow over faster if they do n’t drag you along for that process.Reason # 2 : they do n’t want to ( or are not yet ready to ) talk about itThe second most likely reason.Emotions need processing , and people are entitled to spacePeople may idealize the whole “ share everything with each other , always ” thing in relationships , but taken too literally , that ’s horse shit . Healthy people often work through things on their own — at least first — rather than dumping emotional odds and ends on their partner.Reason # 3 ( uncommon ) : you guys just talked about it , but they need a moment to lick their wounds.This will happen if you guys just got done discussing an issue and reached reconciliation ( perhaps even an apology , whatever ) and there are just some lingering feelings they ’re still soothing.There ’s nothing more for you to say or do — they got what they needed . This part is on them . They just need a second and they ’ll be fine.But note : if you ’re still prodding “ what ’s wrong ? ” or “ are you okay ? ” ( and your partner is actually having to answer “ I ’m fine ” ) after they already explained and discussed the issue , there ’s something wrong with you . Chill , fam . Damn.Reason # 4 ( uncommon ) : now is not the time or place to talk about it.Maybe you ’re in the car on the way to have dinner with your parents , or on the phone while you ’re at work , or out with friends at 1 am . In any case , it ’s possible that they ’re not fine but “ now ” is not the time or place to have that conversation.Reason # 5 : bro , they * are * fine.Maybe they ’re just being introspective , and you ’re projecting on them . ( Maybe you ’ve got your own insecurity you should address ? ) Calm yourself , champ . Everything ’s cool.Reason # 6 : They ’re an emotionally unhealthy person.If it later turns out that it is “ a big deal ” … Or they did want to talk about it … Or they are still upset … And it was an appropriate time and place to talk about it … … Yet they still answer “ I ’m fine ” when you ask them what ’s wrong … Then they are an emotionally unhealthy person who needs to work on some of their own emotional management before the two of you can continue with the relationship.How emotionally healthy partners say “ I ’m fine ” Healthy people do n’t constantly nudge and prod their partners with stupid shit , because they understand that it ’s stupid . ( And if everything is presented as a priority , nothing is a priority . ) Healthy partners save “ what ’s wrong ” conversations for things that are actually a. ) important and b. ) actionable . When they talk to you about something , you can feel confident that they are n’t “ crying wolf , ” and care enough to cover both of those things.When a healthy partner WO N’T just say “ I ’m fine : ” When it is a big deal and worth discussing . When it ’s the time and place to talk . And when they know how they feel , what they want to say , and what they ’d like from you , if anything.What you should do : In short : chill , fam . damn.Trust your partnerIf you ca n’t trust your partner , you need to work on that first . You should be able to believe them when they say they ’re fine , or trust that they ’ll share when it ’s time.You should feel confident that you guys are a team and want the same things — to build a good relationship and enjoy the everyday.Respect your partner ’s emotional boundariesWe are not entitled to know our partner ’s feelings . It is never appropriate to prod , push , pressure or demand that they share — ever . “ Other people ’s emotions are first and foremost theirs , not ours . What they do with them is their prerogative , not ours . And hearing them , if they choose to share , is a privilege , not a right . We are not ‘ owed ’ anything in their heads . ” Be patient — not grabbyLet them have a minute to sit with their own feelings , figure out what they are , and whether they want to share . They ’ll do if and when they ’re ready.Understand and defend your own boundaries , too.If your partner is the kind of person to passive-aggressively tell you “ I ’m fine ” — feigning a non-issue when you ask about it , only to later blow up about it — then you deserve to reset emotional expectations.It ’s not appropriate or healthy or acceptable for one person to show up and ask their partner “ what ’s wrong ? ” , offering them the opportunity to talk about it , and for them to respond by under-communicating and playing emotional war games . The partner using “ I ’m fine ” passive-aggressively has much emotional work to do in managing their own emotional needs — and communication.Build a healthy understand of loveBased on communication and trust , yes , but also emotional ownership and healthy boundaries .	6 Reasons Your Partner Says “ I ’m fine ” When They ’re Not
It ’s not enough to find a topic . You ’ve got to find your voice . — Jeff GoinsIn May of this year , I was on the floor of my living room one morning asking God to give me clarity as to why I felt so bottled up . There had to be a reason why I felt like I was lacking in some area of my life . After all , my life was going well . I was achieving my goals and my family was doing well . I was feeling established in who I was . Yet , something felt as though it was missing . It was time for me to go back to writing.Since May , I have been learning alot about writing . Things I did n’t know before or I was n’t prepared to understand . Here we are in December and it feels like I need to make up for lost time . It is one of those lessons learned that I hope others wo n’t have to learn as I am now . Recently , I purchased Jeff Goins ’s blogging course : Intentional Blog . I felt it was time to invest more into my writing . And he gave a great deal for Black Friday.I am only a little ways into the modules , however , I have found my writing has been a hot mess prior to this course . Since I have been writing “ A Writer ’s Life ” as series of my personal learnings , it felt like this is the best next step for me to share.My Voice — Helper , Passionate , InstructiveTo understand my voice , I was tasked with having people speak into my life . As well as reviewing my writing that I enjoyed writing most , and reviewing the people that I most look up to . These few areas taught me a few things about myself . I love to help people to be more than they are today . One way I do this is sharing things that I have learned or research things I want to learn along the same lines.Some of the people I look up to most , are passionate people who like to help others as well . Some of my current inspirations are C.S. Lewis , Chip Gaines , Michael Hyatt , and Jeff Goins . All of these people are passionate and instructive in one way or another . They are all people I have learned a lot from over the last few years.These last few years have been some of the best years of my life.It became clear , my voice and who I am , is about passionately helping people through instruction . I can do this by sharing the things I have done that work . And since I have done them , I am able to share out of my personal experience . While I am an intentional person , I have noticed some of the best ways to be intentional is by learning from others . As I am doing through this course.How Can I Help You?I while back , I created a resources . My first EBOOK : The True North Manifesto . I shared earlier how I had been on a journey for the last 3 – 5 years . The True North Manifesto incapsulates what I have found from that journey . It shares about finding you priorities , your true north , and taking the first steps toward living them out .	A Writer ’s Life : Finding My Voice
Feel old yet ? The first SMS was sent 25 years ago today . For context , that makes it older than Justin Bieber , Selena Gomez , and Harry Styles . If the SMS was a person , it ’d be a debt-crushed millennial , still living with their parents while spending their money on extravagances like avocado toast and iPhones . ( And if you ’re wondering , the first ever SMS said “ Merry Christmas . ” ) But while all Justin Bieber , Selena Gomez , and Harry Styles have to look forward to 25 years after their careers took flight is a guest appearance on Dr Phil ’s couch , the SMS has somehow managed to remain relevant , and has a glistening future ahead of it . It ’s hard to get an accurate , aggregate figure of the total , but according to Statistics Brain , in June of this year , over 781 billion SMS messages were sent and received in the US alone . That ’s incredible . And although messaging services like WhatsApp and Facebook have made a dent into the numbers of people sending texts worldwide , there are places where SMS is the default messaging tool . In parts of the developing world , where feature phones are still king , they are incumbent . Moreover , there is an entire ecosystem of software that that is built around the humble SMS , ranging from marketing tools , to banking and project management . MessageBird and Twilio , for example , let anyone build complex applications use text messages as a form of interaction . Both of those are highly lucrative companies . Twilio has revenues of nearly $ 280 million , while Messagebird is profitable and growing like crazy . Another interesting SMS-driven company is Textocracy . I met its founder , Elizabeth Shassere , last year at the Northern Stars grand final in Manchester , where Textocracy was competing . In short , Textocracy lets people offer their feedback on services via SMS . This is amazingly useful , as it ensures that everyone can engage and offer their opinion on how to improve public services — not just those that own and know how to use smartphones . While online surveys can disenfranchise the poor and elderly , SMS is nearly universal . And for a while now , I ’ve had an obsession with an African banking tool ( now owned by British telco giant Vodafone ) called M-Pesa . This service lets users transfer money to other individuals through text messages , bringing something we often take for granted ( near-instant , electronic money transfers ) to a population that often lacks access to traditional banking services . By 2014 , payments sent through the platform in Kenya were equal to half of the country ’s GDP . It has since spread outside of Africa , and has now launched in Afghanistan , India , and parts of Eastern Europe . And although security experts are increasingly warning against SMS as a method for delivering two-factor authentication ( 2FA ) , that has n’t dented its popularity . I ’d imagine a significant chunk of the SMS messages sent in the US are authentication tokens for the likes of Facebook , Twitter , and Google . In short : happy 25th birthday , SMS . You ’re certainly long in the tooth , and your star does n’t shine as bright as it once did , but much like Betty White , you ’re still relevant against all odds . And like Betty White , I hope you do n’t go away any time soon .	The first SMS was sent 25 years ago . Here ’s why it ’s still relevant .
When Han Solo and Chewbacca walked back onto the Millennium Falcon in Star Wars : The Force Awakens , it was a homecoming for two iconic movie characters — and a memorable first day of work for the big rookie in the furry suit . In the “ Chewie , we ’re home ” sequence that fans went nuts over , that was Finnish newcomer Joonas Suotamo in costume opposite Harrison Ford . Suotamo tag-teamed with Peter Mayhew , the 73-year-old original Chewbacca , for the more physically rigorous aspects of the gig in Force Awakens and the new Star Wars : The Last Jedi ( in theaters Dec. 15 ) . He takes over the Wookiee role entirely for next year ’s standalone Solo : A Star Wars Story ( May 25 ) , which focuses on the young Han Solo . More : Love for Leia ( and Carrie Fisher ) could push ' The Last Jedi ' to a $ 200M opening Related : The new Chewbacca feels bad about shoving a porg in ' The Last Jedi ' Suotamo , 31 , a former basketball player for Penn State and the Finnish youth national team , says it was “ great to share " screen time with Ford , but the real fun for the 7-foot actor came much later , watching YouTube reaction to their first scene together from the trailer . “ I was just curling up on the sofa from excitement to see the level of joy it brought to people . ” Here 's what you need to know about the new Chewie : 1 . He got help from the Wookiee master . Mayhew could n’t walk well on the set of Force Awakens because he was still recovering from a pair of knee replacements , so Suotamo became his stunt double and transitioned to doing more on Last Jedi , which included a Wookiee boot camp . Mayhew " talked about the mindset of Chewie , how he ’s loyal to his pilot — things that require underlining , ” Suotamo says . And the new guy needed some work : “ He told me I was too skinny to be a Wookiee . " 2 . He missed his first world premiere . Suotamo ’s involvement in Force Awakens was a well-guarded secret — so much so that “ nobody thought of inviting me to the premiere until 24 hours prior , ” says Suotamo , whose plane from London to L.A. broke down at Heathrow Airport . “ Maybe this time I ’ll have better luck . ” 3 . We 'll see an action-packed Chewie in ' Solo . ' Solo is set before George Lucas ’ 1977 Star Wars , so that means a fresh-faced Han ( played by Alden Ehrenreich ) and a younger Chewie , too . “ He ’s much more active in this version and a lot more agile , ” says Suotamo , whose hoops background helped . “ I worked a lot harder for my paycheck , but I love it . ” Earlier : ' Last Jedi ' director Rian Johnson tapped to create a new ' Star Wars ' trilogy Also : The young Han Solo ' Star Wars ' spinoff film finally gets a title 4 . Chewie is n't Suotamo 's favorite Star Wars character . " When I was a kid , before I knew I was going to be a foot taller than everyone else , I imagined myself as Luke Skywalker , ” Suotamo says . “ He has his heart in the right place , and I really love his ideology and the fact that he ’s trying to achieve something that requires great responsibility . ” 5 . But it could have gone better when he actually met Luke . Chewie and Rey ( Daisy Ridley ) find Luke at the end of Force Awakens , and Suotamo shares some Last Jedi scenes with Mark Hamill . When a costumed Suotamo met Hamill , the newbie decided to greet the original star with Chewie noises . “ I do n’t know why I thought that would be a good idea , ” Suotamo says . “ I started growling , and Mark said , ‘ Oh , how are you , Peter ? ’ Behind Mark , ( Force Awakens director ) J.J. ( Abrams ) is giving me the ‘ Stop it ’ gesture . Then I revealed to Mark that I was Joonas from Finland and he looked so confused by the whole situation . ”	&apos; Star Wars : The Last Jedi &apos; : 5 things to know about the new Chewbacca , Joonas Suotamo
Will Social Security even exist when you retire ? Can you count on it to cover your needs ? Folks have asked that for years , most recently because of the 2017 Social Security Trustees Report . It reckons the Old Age , Survivors and Disability Insurance trust funds runs out by 2034 . The Social Security Administration recently announced 2018 beneficiaries will get their largest cost-of-living boost in six years — all of 2 % . Yikes ! Scare stories abound . Most are overblown . Social Security wo n’t collapse . Those retiring soon really need n’t fret . But younger folks likely face Scrooge-like benefits in the future . But most hand-wringers misunderstand how these funds work . They are n’t like IRA and 401 ( k ) accounts , which are completely gone once “ depleted . ” “ Funds ” do n’t even pay most Social Security benefits . Most payouts come from current workers ’ taxes . Simply said , Social Security is pay-as-you-go redistribution , not the “ lockbox ” of Saturday Night Live fame . The so-called “ trusts ” are mere accounting entries . More : 401 ( k ) investors : It 's still a bull market , so own quality , purebred stocks More : Trump Rally : Why it 's misunderstood and what to do about it The trustees report projects taxes will still cover 77 % of benefits after the trust funds are depleted . Take that with a big grain of salt , considering how bad long-term forecasts always are . But you get the point . The ballyhooed funding issue concerns roughly 25 % of all estimated benefits , after 2034 . That ’s a lot less scary than most imagine from headlines screaming about Social Security “ going bankrupt . ” Then , too , nothing in this realm is carved in stone . Congress hates touching Social Security . But they can . And they have . If Social Security budgeting problems seem urgent , lawmakers can hike taxes or tweak benefits . They did in 1977 , after a botched 1972 cost-of-living formula brought overly generous benefits , straining politicians ’ sensitivities ( hard as that is to do ) . “ Patching ” the cost-of-living formula created large future benefit cuts . But it preserved then-current payouts nicely . A 1983 “ patch ” hiked payroll taxes , cut benefits and delayed cost-of-living increases — to pave over another payout pothole — delaying political funding neurosis . Do n’t even imagine that , after the trust funds are depleted , laws somehow prohibit Social Security from paying benefits beyond those covered by existing dedicated tax income . These laws are subject to change . Congress suspended this very requirement before 1983 ’s reforms . When political pressure gets high , Congress will change the rules again — to let Social Security fund benefits flow via other Federal taxes and borrowing . Yes , Social Security changes will require some folks to pay more for other folks . Almost every government wiggle does that . History and politics suggest this burden likely falls on young folks — Baby Boomers ’ revenge on Millennials . Retirees vote more regularly and predictably than 20-somethings . Always remember : Politicians ’ first fundamental goal is winning re-election . Immediately cutting current retirees ’ benefits is a surefire path to November election failure . This is why , in 1977 , only those below retirement age got stuck with the stingier new cost-of-living formula . Those over 65 kept the more generous benefits . In 1983 , when Congress began taxing Social Security benefits , they limited it to folks with other substantial income and did n’t index trigger thresholds to inflation . So the tax hit future inflation-impaired participants hardest . If you ’re 65 years or older , the risk of big benefit cuts is very low . Be thankful politicians covet your vote . Similarly so for 55-year-olds planning to retire at 65 . Lawmakers are such a paranoid pack . Just in case , planning for a 10-15 % benefit cut might be prudent . But you can compensate by taking advantage of the 401 ( k ) catch-up contribution allowances . Those closer to age 50 have higher risk . They hit retirement age in the 2030s , when reforms might be implemented . If you ’re 35 to 45 years old , maybe plan for a 25 % cut . Younger still ? Save more . Social Security will never take care of you . Never . Max your 401 ( k ) and keep it in stocks . Better yet , be like your 67-year-old billionaire weekly columnist and seek work you love — and keep lovin ’ life — years longer than others . For tips on doing that richly see my July 10th column . Ken Fisher is the founder and executive chairman of Fisher Investments , author of 11 books , four of which were New York Times bestsellers , and is No . 200 on the Forbes 400 list of richest Americans . Follow him on Twitter @KennethLFisher	Social Security : Is it really in danger of collapse ?
CARLOS TEVEZ has been ordered to return to Shanghai Shenhua by December 26 ... or lose his massive £ 615,000-a-week wages . The Chinese Super League club have revealed they do n't know whether the Argentine star , 33 , will return or not , but must do so this month or face the axe . AFPTevez has been linked with a move back to South American numerous times this year - with Shenhua saying the decision is now in the player 's hands . Shanghai Shenhua spokesman Ma Yue revealed : " We have informed him that he would have to return to the squad on December 26 . " But whether he will come back or not , it depends on his own decision . " Late last month , the club had already claimed : " Tevez will decide whether to stay or leave . AFP " His future hinges on the decision made by himself instead of Shenhua Football Club . " Tevez 's attitude , of which Shenhua have no control , will have a direct bearing on his performance . " In other words , even if Shenhua really want to keep him at the club and see him play well , Tevez still has the final say . " It is true that we have received bids from other clubs to buy Tevez , but Shenhua hope he express his true feelings first ... otherwise all efforts will go in vain . AFP " Shenhua have no chance of selling Tevez to a club where he does n't want to join . " While reports have suggested all year Tevez will return to South America , the player 's agent , Adrian Ruocco , says he 's going nowhere . Responding to rumours about a move to Palmeiras , Ruocco said : " There is nothing [ with Palmeiras ] . It 's all false . " No one from Palmeiras spoke to me . Tevez will stay in China . "	Carlos Tevez ordered to return to Shanghai Shenhua by December 26 or lose his massive £ 615,000-a-week wages
BARCELONA must stump up £ 44million if they want to land Brazilian star Arthur from Gremio . The 21-year-old is highly fancied to make a move to Europe and Barca are favourites to sign him . But Gremio president Romildo Bolzan has taken a firm stance over the promising midfielder . He told RAC1 : " Arthur has a contract with Gremio and a release clause of £ 44m . " If they pay that we ca n't do anything but there is no conversation or negotiations open . " Twitter / @albert_rogeAFP or licensorsThe exciting Brazilian midfielder is wanted by Barcelona Barca apparently sent technical secretary Robert Fernandez and Andre Cury - their representative in Brazil who secured the signing of Neymar in 2013 - to negotiate with the player and his father . Arthur then posed for photographs in a Barcelona shirt . CANT BELIEVE IT Eric Cantona says he should 've been named Manchester United boss after Fergie retired In another snap he posed with Cury - much to Gremio 's annoyance . But Bolzan insisted the Porto-Alegre club were aware about the meeting and had authorised it . But are n't happy with the way things turned out . Explained Bolzan : " They told us that Arthur was going to eat with some representatives from Barcelona . 💰 How to claim your FREE £ 30 bet 💰 2 Bet £ 10 or more 3 Sun Bets will stick a £ 30 bet in your account " We authorised the encounter because it was just to meet the family , nothing more . " [ But ] Gremio are not comfortable with this situation . " What seems certain , though , is that Gremio are determined not to let their man go on the cheap . Barcelona will either have to pay his release clause ... or miss out .	Barcelona told they must pay £ 44million for Gremio midfielder Arthur
A MUM claims she has been banned from visiting her fiance in prison - after she passed him a Fruit Pastille sweet . Melissa Hopper says she is n't allowed to see her baby 's dad David Scott for six months after she gave him the " unauthorised article " at Holme House in Stockton . Evening GazetteShe had been visiting the drug gang member on November 10 when Scott picked up the sweet and ate it , Gazette Live reports . The 26-year-old said : " They obviously think it was drugs but it was just a Fruit Pastille that was thrown down a top . " We were just having a laugh but now our baby might not be able to see her dad . " The baby needs to know her dad and I ’m suffering from depression , so this is just making it worse . ” Evening GazetteEvening GazetteScott was banged up for more than six years over his role in a multi-million pound plot to flood Teesside ’s streets with heroin . Mel now claims she has been banned from every prison in the UK for six months , and says she faces another six months of " closed visits " with her partner where they will be separated by a panel . She fumed : " It means I ca n’t touch him , and neither can his daughter . " It is his family who will suffer . ” Holme House say they have evidence of her passing Scott an “ unauthorised article ” during a visit . But Mel said : “ It was just a sweet and of course it is going to get eaten - what do they expect me to do , bin it ? ” A Ministry of Justice spokesperson said : " We do not tolerate anyone breaking prison rules , and those that do so will face appropriate disciplinary action . " We pay for your stories ! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team ? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too . Click here to upload yours .	Mum claims she has been banned from ALL prisons for giving her fiance a Fruit Pastille
Thirty minutes outside Milwaukee , there is a small warehouse in the back of a quiet industrial park . It is one hour south of Road America , one of the greatest and most storied road courses on this continent , and not by accident . There is no signage , nothing to identify the business , just a few parked trailers and a small gravel parking lot . The grass out front is neatly kept but slowly subsuming the rocks . And then you walk inside , and there are Indianapolis race cars . There are also race-car parts , from loose gears on a bench to shelves full of hand-lettered bodywork , the chassis attached to the latter long ago crashed or broken up . Andrew Trahan Chiefly , however , there are race cars in the front office , in the form of information . In a carefully assembled library and archive , in drawers and papers and display cases and file folders . A trove of vintage clothing , trophies , and records , from entry sheets to track waivers and canceled checks , from club racing to the highest echelons of the sport . That front office , Rick Dresang says , has become the most important part of the whole place . Andrew Trahan “ There ’s an element of our society that tends to either want to rewrite history or just completely shun it . It ’s funny , the people who think they own history or can re-create it . It ’s important for the record , to establish exactly what was , good or bad . That ’s kind of how this started — people who said they were there but were n’t . Embellishing facts for personal gain . ” Andrew Trahan Rick and his son Jacques are historians . The work of their shop , Kettle Moraine Preservation &amp; Restoration ( KMPR ) , has been showcased at Indianapolis Motor Speedway and lauded by Dan Gurney and Roger Penske . Penske ’s out t asked the Dresangs for help when restoring one of the team ’s enormous 1970s International Fleetstar transporters . Penske himself requested a Dresang-rebuilt Penske Eagle — the ex-Mark Donohue 1972 example lazing on these pages — to be present in 2016 when he received a lifetime achievement award from the International Motor Racing Research Center in Watkins Glen . Staff at Gurney ’s All American Racers shop in California have referred to Kettle Moraine as “ AAR East , ” due to the rm ’s store of Gurney blueprints and cars , and the Dresangs ’ devotion to sleuthing the team ’s past.Andrew Trahan Even with those ties , KMPR is an odd bird in the world of motorsport : a top-shelf restoration and race rm with no customers . The shop was founded to maintain and share the Dresangs ’ vehicles , but it ’s more than just a collection of machinery . KMPR offers none of the self0importance or pomp you see in a lot of private motorsport galleries . There are no placards , no wealthy backers or museum vibe . The cars are exercised regularly , to keep them healthy , but not in competition ; they are n’t viewed as vintage-race stars or investment properties . “ We just want to share the stories , ” Jacques says . Preferably , he adds , those from outside the spotlight . “ The sport is a flushing toilet , and only a few people make it to the rim . It ’s like anything — if a war ’s fought , we want to know about the losing side . At Indy , there are 32 losing sides . ” Even casual conversations with the Dresangs can fall into chapter and verse on titans like Donohue , but the shop ’s passion seems to center on the people that the sport leaves behind.It ’s why the KMPR trophy cases are full of vintage cups , from America to Europe , engraved with obscure names . Why Jacques hunts down crew members from C-level teams , or even their relatives , gently inquiring about the past . Or why he often performs historic research for other race-car owners , filling in story gaps for machines that Kettle Moraine has never seen . “ When I started this , I just started calling people , collecting data , ” Jacques says . “ Cross-referencing things , crew-member A to crew-member B. I ’m an ass for the truth . I do n’t care if it ’s not what I want it to be , I just want to know what it was . " The work may be tedious , but the result is valuable insight into the sport ’s dimmer corners — that unglamorous zone where journalists and historians rarely tread . The information builds the archive at KMPR , but also extensive documentation shared at events and with like-minded race-car owners . And above all , it contributes to decisions that other outfits might not make . Like , say , restoring a six-figure race car in the livery of a driver central to its story , instead of the equally accurate paint scheme from when its seat was filled by another , more famous butt . In the case of KMPR ’s 1981 AAR Indy Eagle , that meant focusing on the late Chip Mead , a big-hearted also-ran who bought the car new . Mead took that Eagle to Indianapolis in 1981 , as part of a painstakingly assembled , one-race sponsorship deal that included White Castle restaurants . He failed to qualify for the 500 despite loads of effort , and the car was later repainted . The Eagle ’s greatest success came later that year , as a one-race rental for the legendary Al Unser Sr. , who took it to a third-place finish at Michigan International Speedway.Unser ’s livery would likely make the Eagle more valuable , but it would n’t say as much about the capricious nature of racing . So the car now wears White Castle paint . A choice that gave Jacques reason to talk to Mead ’s widow and learn how racing tilted one man ’s arc . “ She told me that car was Chip ’s life . He knew , after he sold it and got out of the team , that it was the high point . Knowing that car came to be again affected her so much , she offered us a ring of his . She had it made , like a Super Bowl ring , with this ’81 Eagle on it . Her current husband is a doctor , and his office room for kids has a mirror on the wall with that car on it . It ’s not about the cars . It ’s the why . ” The Dresangs have day jobs and thus mostly deal with Kettle Moraine business in o - hours . Evenings and weekends of research , mechanical work , or simply helping the odd well - known driver sort through his history . “ Take David Hobbs . . . it was funny . We were going through old photos at his house with a bottle of wine . I was asking , Who ’s this guy , who ’s that guy ? He said , ‘ Why do you want to know about him ? ’ I said , Because he did this and this and this , with nothing . He goes , ‘ You really like the little guys , eh ? ’ “ Yes . Because they tried . And you if you go to the Wikipedia page , there ’s nothing , and it bothers me . ”	The Wisconsin Shop That Keeps Forgotten Indy 500 History Alive
Based on Donald Trump ’s long-standing , incessant circle-jerk with white supremacists and neo-Nazis , it ’s difficult to be surprised that the Combover in Chief recently retweeted anti-Muslim propaganda videos from Britain First , a fascist anti-immigrant organization whose deputy leader Jayda Fransen has been convicted of hate crimes . However , this incident should be taken very seriously , since it could threaten the lives of Muslims in the US and throughout the world . In recent years , American Muslims have increasingly been victims of violent assault , intimidation , and discrimination . Hate crimes perpetrated against this religious minority have recently surpassed 2001 levels , and the number of anti-Muslim hate groups operating in the US has increased exponentially since 2010 . This disgusting series of tweets , combined with Trump ’s attempted Muslim travel ban and his consistent xenophobic rhetoric , indicates a presidential stamp of approval when it comes to bigotry and violence against our Muslim brothers and sisters.It ’s also not surprising that one of the retweeted videos appears to be inaccurate in its claim that the violent assailant featured is a “ Muslim migrant ” , while the other clips were filmed during regional conflicts and are therefore deceptively displayed out of context , attempting to portray Muslims as blood-thirsty savages . But the context and accuracy of the content disseminated by professional bigots like Trump is secondary to ideological objectives , which I ’ll discuss later . In Trump ’s delusional world , up is down and black is white . Legitimate criticism is dismissed as “ fake news , ” while Trump himself constantly makes unfounded statements that his followers swallow without question . I mean , this guy is the godfather of the racist “ Birther ” conspiracy theory , for God ’s sake ! There ’s never been any indication that Trump or his associates take reality into consideration before making public statements or social media posts . And this time , they ’ve even admitted it , to an extent . When questioned about the veracity of the “ Muslim migrant ” video , White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said , “ Whether it is a real video , the threat is real . ” Okay , so maybe the Trump administration is really just concerned with “ threats ” against the safety of American citizens . Maybe he ’s concerned not only with radical Islamists , but also with right-wing domestic terrorism , which has accounted for 73 % of the terror attacks in the US since September 11 , 2001 . He must be concerned , since US law enforcement agencies “ consider anti-government violent extremists , not radicalized Muslims , to be the most severe threat of political violence . ” And what about the rise in white supremacist violence ? The Donald must lose sleep at night worrying that , as we speak , there ’s another Dylann Roof or James Alex Fields in the making.Just kidding . As Mehdi Hasan of The Intercept rhetorically asked : “ Why would a president who has repeatedly retweeted white supremacist Twitter accounts such as WhiteGenocideTM , appointed a white nationalist to be one of his delegates in California , accepted campaign donations from white nationalist leaders , picked a white nationalist as his chief strategist in the White House , and been officially endorsed by the Ku Klux Klan want to turn a blind eye to the domestic terror threat from white supremacists and nationalists and put American lives in danger ? ” Okay , okay . Trump may turn a blind eye to white , cisgendered , heterosexual , Christian , family-man terrorism ( as long as it ’s making America great again ) , but he ’s really concerned with foreign Islamist extremism , right?As I ’ve hinted at in previous posts , much of the organized Islamist violence that does occur is a response to ( or result of ) Western imperialism and colonialism . If Trump truly cared about reducing this specific form of terrorism , he ’d vehemently denounce our violent global empire , immediately withdraw American troops from the ( at least ) 70 countries they ’re currently occupying , and slash the obscene $ 700 billion annual Pentagon budget . Alas , I admit this is a pipe dream . Maybe he could at least go after the main global purveyor of the ultra-conservative Wahhabi ideology behind Sunni terrorist organizations like ISIS and al-Qaeda . You know — the kingdom of Saudi Arabia?Saudi Arabia is not only this single largest exporter of Islamist terrorism in the world , but many Saudi individuals and organizations are were also culpable in the largest terrorist attack on American soil . As Branko Marcetic of Jacobin explains : “ Fifteen of the nineteen hijackers were Saudi nationals , and the attack was planned by a scion of one of the country ’s wealthiest and politically connected families . The hijackers , we now know thanks to the release of twenty-eight previously classified pages from the 9/11 commission ’s report , had ties to members of the Saudi government , including the Saudi ambassador to the United States , who also belongs to the country ’s royal family . ” The Saudi government has also armed extremists in Syria , and is currently conducting a large-scale bombing campaign against the defenseless , poverty-stricken population of Yemen . This is on top of the cholera epidemic that has recently ravaged the country , and some say this vicious military aggression may be reaching genocidal proportions . If that ’s not “ Islamic terrorism ” , I do n’t know what is.Obviously Trump is strongly opposed to the aforementioned machinations of this infamous Gulf monarchy , right ? Again — just kidding . After the president ’s gleeful little trip to the Saudi Arabia last May , he proposed a $ 500 million weapons sale to the kingdom ( part of a $ 110 billion package ) , which narrowly passed the Senate in June . Oh , and remember that travel ban ? Well , strangely enough , Saudi Arabia did n’t make the cut.The doctrine of Trumpism shows no opposition to violence in general , no real concern for the spread of Islamist terrorism , and no real concern for protecting American citizens . Then why all the hysteria over Islam ? Well , it ’s simple ; the contempt Trump and other white nationalists exhibit toward Muslims ( specifically those or Middle-Eastern or African decent ) is primary based on xenophobia and ethno-nationalist views promoting the superiority of Western civilization , not on some rational concern for imminent attacks . A window into this vile worldview is the tale of Steven Bannon and The Camp of the Saints . Bannon , Trump ’s former chief strategist and architect of the Muslim travel ban , often used the aforementioned French novel as a metaphor for his geopolitical concerns . Bannon ’s “ alt-right ” news outlet Breitbart has also referenced the book , whose narrative involves hordes of Indian barbarians migrating to Europe to initiate the end of Western ( i.e. white ) civilization . Paul Blumenthal and J.M. Rieger of Huffington Post explain : “ The white Christian world is on the brink of destruction , the novel suggests , because these black and brown people are more fertile and more numerous , while the West has lost that necessary belief in its own cultural and racial superiority . ” Stanford professor Cécile Alduy said the book is “ racist in the literal sense of the term . It uses race as the main characterization of characters , ” and Republican commentator Linda Chavez called it “ shockingly racist . ” The Camp of the Saints has been published various times in the US , and was often funded , promoted , and celebrated by the anti-immigration movement and even advocates of population control like the pro-eugenics Pioneer Fund.Admiration of such repulsive drivel is the result of an abhorrent white supremacist ideology that has been festering like a cancer in our society from the very beginning , and has lately seen a resurgence . If monsters like Bannon and Richard Spencer get their way , it could result in ethnic cleansing and genocide . But this emerging tyranny is more complex than your average run-of-the-mill Americanized Nazism . It ’s also important to recognize the alliance that has been built between white nationalists and right-wing Christian extremists like Mike Pence and Betsy DeVos , because it indicates a plot-twist in these sinister Western prospects.Britain First ’s “ Christian patrols ” have filmed themselves traveling to local mosques to taunt and intimidate Muslims , like some two-bit Nazi Brownshirt gang . But the Brownshirts predated the formation of the Nazi Party , so let ’s be cognizant of the possibility of history repeating itself on this front , not only in the UK , but in the US as well . Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Chris Hedges has been documenting the rise of the Christian right for many years , and has recently warned that the Trump administration could serve as the vehicle for a “ Christianized fascism ” that has been developing for decades : “ The evangelicalism promoted by the Christian right is very different from the evangelicalism and fundamentalism of a century ago . The emphasis on personal piety that defined the old movement , the call to avoid the contamination of politics , has been replaced by Christian Reconstructionism , called Dominionism by some . This new ideology is about taking control of all institutions , including the government , to build a ‘ Christian ’ nation . Rousas John Rushdoony … argued that God gives the elect , just as he gave Adam and Noah , dominion over the earth to build a Christian society . Their state will come about with the physical eradication of the forces of Satan . It is the duty of the church and the elect to ‘ rescue ’ the world so Christ can return.Tens of millions of Americans are already hermetically sealed within this bizarre worldview . They are given a steady diet of conspiracy theories and lies on the internet , in their churches , in Christian schools and colleges and on Christian television and radio . Elizabeth Dilling , who wrote ‘ The Red Network ’ and was a Nazi sympathizer , is required reading . Thomas Jefferson , who favored separation of church and state , is ignored . This Christian propaganda hails the ‘ significant contributions ’ of the Confederacy . Sen. Joseph McCarthy , who led the anti-communist witch hunts in the 1950s , is rehabilitated as an American hero . The Israeli-Palestinian conflict , along with the wars in Iraq , Afghanistan , Yemen , Somalia and Libya , is defined as part of the worldwide battle against satanic Islamic terror . Presently , nearly 40 percent of the U.S. public believes in Creationism or ‘ Intelligent Design . ’ And nearly a third of the population , 94 million people , consider themselves evangelical.Those who remain in a reality-based universe often dismiss these malcontents as buffoons . They do not take seriously the huge segment of the public , mostly white and working class , who because of economic distress have primal yearnings for vengeance , new glory and moral renewal and are easily seduced by magical thinking . These are the yearnings and emotions Trump has exploited politically . ” The Trump regime already has elements in common with traditional fascism , including ethno-nationalism , xenophobia and anti-immigrant rhetoric , an obsession with masculinity and “ strength , ” attacks on the press , and of course , the militarism and imperialism that were inherited from previous administrations . If we see greater indications that a Christian fascism is taking hold , I would n’t be surprised if it rides to power on the back of anti-Muslim paranoia and scapegoating . They ’ll denounce “ Islamic Sharia ” until they ’re blue in the face , and instead , they ’ll implement a white nationalist Christian Sharia - a glistening new paradise for the Ku Klux Klan.Religious extremism is a problem in this country , but Trumpian dogma provides a poor prognosis . So , let ’s keep the American Taliban on a short leash , because the threat is real.It ’s like Ayn Rand , but for racists .	Anti-Muslim Bigotry is a Hallmark of the Trump Regime ’s Neo-Fascist Agenda
WASHINGTON – Mike who ? National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster on Sunday distanced himself completely from his immediate predecessor Mike Flynn , who pleaded guilty Friday to charges related to the Russia probe . “ That ’s not our focus on the National Security Council , obviously , ” McMaster told ” Fox News Sunday . ” “ What we ’re focused on are , you know , the key issues that we have to confront today to protect the American people , advance our prosperity . ” McMaster , who became President Trump ’s top national security aide in February when Flynn was pushed out , denied he ’s spending any time assuring international allies that the Trump presidency is not in free fall . “ No , I do n’t think our allies need any reassurance , ” McMaster said . “ We have n’t missed a beat , really , and the topic does n’t even come up . ” Flynn became the fourth Trump official to be indicted in special counsel Robert Mueller ’s ongoing probe into Russia ’s influence in the 2016 election . Flynn , the second to plead guilty to lying to the FBI about his Russian contacts , is cooperating with the feds . The White House has downplayed the role of Flynn , who was a trusted adviser to Trump during the campaign before coming to the White House . Trump has maintained there ’s no collusion with Russia during the election and Flynn is no criminal compared to Hillary Clinton . “ I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI . He has pled guilty to those lies . It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful . There was nothing to hide ! , ” Trump said in one of his tweets . Last week , Trump caused an international stir when he tweeted out anti-Muslim videos from a British fringe group , sparking a quick rebuke from Prime Minister Theresa May . McMaster could n’t explain why Trump would tweet out such racially charged videos that stirred up racial and religious divisions . “ President Trump is the best judge of why he did that , ” McMaster said . But McMaster said Trump has been trying to shine a light on Islamic terrorism . The key takeaway , McMaster said , is “ the real risks that these terrorists pose to our citizens . ”	McMaster distances himself from Flynn
Best PS4 Gamer Gifts for Christmas 2017 Chances are we all know someone obsessed with video games . It ’s hard to ignore the bountiful industry of interactive digital entertainment , but for someone who has no clue what any of it means , it can be overwhelming to find the right gift for that special gamer . COGconnected is here to help you out with a few ideas on what to get for your favorite PS4 gamer , so check out our video guide below ! With so many options out there , we tried our best to cover a variety of the top options for PS4 gamers . If you are having a little trouble deciding on what might be right for the gamer in your life , check out our reviews from the video games on this list : Persona 5 – Rating : 93/100 Destiny 2 – Rating : 87/100 Nier : Automata – Rating : 85/100 Nioh – Rating : 95/100 Yakuza 0 – Rating : 95/100 Injustice 2 – Rating : 91/100 Everybody ’s Golf – Rating : 86/100 And for those feeling a little more generous ( and perhaps amorous ) towards that lucky gamer , you can find out a little bit more about the hardware entries on our list here : PlayStation VR Bundle PS4 Pro PS + Account So what do you think of our list ? Is there anything else you think we need to include for fans of the PS4 ? Let us know on Facebook , Twitter , or the Comments section below , and if our suggestions do n’t quite answer what you are looking for , why not leave a comment and have one of our helpful gaming fans offer you some suggestions to make this holiday season less of a headache ? The post The Very Best PlayStation 4 Gifts for Gamers : Video Gift Guide Christmas 2017 appeared first on COGconnected .	The Very Best PlayStation 4 Gifts for Gamers : Video Gift Guide Christmas 2017
This morning Sondre Nordstad Moen won FukuokaMarathon in 2h05 .48 realizing new European Record of Marathon and first ever european marathoner to run under 2h06 on 42195m . Renato Canova is the coach of Moen and i spoke with him few minutes ago to discuss about this magnificent race.Renato , how was the race?Weather was perfect , from 14.1 to 14.7 C and Humidity between 55 % and 57 % . A easy wind that helped athletes.Pacing was perfect : 14.59 – 30.00 – 44.59 – 60.01 and 63.19 at half . 1h30 .07 at 30k , a little bit slower after the turn a little bit wind against athletes.I would like to say public thanks to Brett Robinson ( Aus ) for excellent job keeping the pace so regular till 23k . He was better than Tesla in Breaking2 . . ) ) ) ) . . Good job also for Marius Kipserem who went to 30k very well.After 30k Sondre , Karoki , Osako and Stephen Kiprotich went away together but , after 35k only Sondre e Karoki.From 30k and 35k Sondre ran 3k in 8.53 and from 33k to 35k in 5.44 . . totally 14.37 . But from 35k to 40k Sondre did again 14.39 remaining alone : also for Karoki was impossible pace.Sondre ran from 30k to 40k in 29.16 with an easy stomach problem.From 40k till finish line Sondre ran 6.24 on 2,195 k with last 400m on track in 67sec ( manual crono ) with the only little uphill of the race.How was ur impression about his race?I am really satisfied for his race today but i am more satisfied for how he grew as personality.We works together only from one year and now he understood very well my way of training.He ran today last 12,195 m at 2.55 min medium without any problems : not so normal.An enormous impression he gave me today.A very competitive man surprised also me with a big improvement of his personality in race.How was training for Fukuoka ? ? He worked in summer in mountains in Italy in Sestriere for 50days running also 220k per week and running also 45k longrun once.I was impressed about his choice of life to book an apartment alone ( end season summer in Sestriere ) , living and training there alone for all days.After Valencia half he came in Kenya with me for second period of work .10 days ago we had a little problem during a long race of 40k when i volunteerly stopped him after 33k looking him quite tired and strange.He did many times workouts around 27k 30k . For example he did one day 7x3000m all under 9 min with a recovery km in 3.25 . Difference between him and kenyans is they could run faster with slower recovery while he prefer to mantain what told.He did workouts also on track for example : 2x3000m 3x2000m 5x1000m 6x500m in one dayWhat he can do in future?Next year he will compete in only one marathon , no more!Would like to see him competing in Valencia Half WorldChamps and then would like to improve his base speed.A detailed program is too early to speak at this moment of the season.I cant say how fast he can run , for now i am really happy because he improved his slow run about 10 – 15sec . In 2018 i would like to improve his race speed for 2 sec more at km .	Coach Canova : my opinion about Sondre Moen in Fukuoka
It 's almost inconceivable nowadays , but text messages were once exactly that and only that . No emoji or gifs or boomerang . Although they are very elaborate now , they had very humble beginnings . The first message was sent by software programmer Neil Papworth in 1992 and its message was appropriate for the season . The celebrate the SMS reaching a quarter of a century here is a list of some of the most important ( and a few of the funniest ) texts ever sent . " Barack has chosen Senator Biden to be our VP nominee " This mass text was sent during Obama 's 2008 Presidential campaign to the thousands of his supporters . It reached a network so large that many of the recipients did n't receive it until the news had already been broken . " Hello from Earth " In 2008 a digital radio signal was sent from the RT-70 radar telescope in Ukraine reading : Hello from Earth . It was sent to the planet Gliese 581c but wo n't reach there until 2029 . “ Tell the police to hurry . People are dying here ! ” Julie Bremnes sent this message as the mass murder Anders Breivik began firing on Norway 's Utoya Island in 2011 . The 16-year-old managed to maintain the conversation with her mother during the massacre and eventually survived while he text is seen as one of the defining documents of the event . " The razor-toothed piranhas of the genera Serrasalmus and Pygocentrus are the most ferocious freshwater fish in the world . In reality , they seldom attack a human . " This could easily be a line from the 1970s horror movie Piranha but it is actually the world record for fastest text ever sent via a touch screen phone . The record was set by Brazilian teenager Marcel Fernandes Filho in 2014 who achieved the feat in a staggering 17 seconds . This astonishing break-up text that went viral in 2017 . A conversation a man had with his friend during the Las Vegas massacre Tell your friends you love them . I almost made a huge mistake . This WhatsApp a man received from his mom that he was too scared to open This hilarious wrong number mistake " Thanksgiving dinner is at my house on Nov. 24 at 3:00 pm . " HT Yahoo	The text message is 25 years old - here are some of the most famous ever sent
I 've tweeted over 60,000 times , but I 'd never seen anything like this . As of this writing , one of my tweets has collected 100,000 likes and over 42,000 retweets , and counting . All in less than 24 hours . The tweet is not extraordinary . It 's a simple pictograph , a sort of word illustration , that offers my perspective on one particularly pervasive piece of economic theory . " Trickle Down Economics " is a term I first heard in the early 1980s as then-President Reagan cut the highest marginal tax rate from 70 percent to 50 percent . Lowering the tax burden on the highest earners would , in theory , energize the economy and , eventually , benefit middle and lower class citizens as all that extra cash in the highest earner 's pockets slowly made its way down through the economic strata to those at the bottom . Critics of Reaganomics used the term Trickle Down economics to deride it , but the term has roots going back almost a century to President Herbert Hoover 's ineffective Depression-era recovery efforts . As the two houses of Congress debated their versions of President Donald Trump 's major tax overhaul bill , I started to hear the term again . Trump was about to offer corporations one of the biggest tax breaks in recent memory . In order for it to transform the economy , Trickle Down Economics would have to work . I just do n't believe it will . I usually do n’t offer my political and economic opinions on Twitter . I prefer to tweet about technology , entertainment , culture , and oddball stuff . However , every once in a while , I ca n’t hold my tongue , or , sometimes , I have an idea and I ca n't let go . It 's like an itch I simply have to scratch . Such was the case with this tweet . The image literally popped into my head : the phrase " Trickle Down " repeating , vertically over and over , shedding a letter at a time until it ended with the word " Trick . " I knew I could n't craft that tweet directly in Twitter because there 's no return key . It would have just shown the degradation of the phrase serially , as an ugly paragraph of text , and not as a pictograph . I typed it into Notes on my iPhone and then did nothing . Like I said , political tweets are outside my social media comfort zone . I woke up Saturday morning to the news that the Senate had passed its version of the Tax Bill in the wee hours of the morning . As I read tweets from senators describing the process and showing some of the insane last-minute , almost illegible markup , I became even more concerned about the effect of this bill . So , I went back to my tweet draft in Notes and looked at how the term " Trickle Down " eventually became " Trick . " Something was missing . I added " Economics " and rebuilt the cascade . Then I copied and pasted it into Twitter and paused . There was no link or hashtag to accompany the tweet , just this word art . It occurred to me that , without 280 characters , I would not have been able to pull off this tweet . Finally , a good reason to go beyond 140 . After staring at my Twitter app interface for a solid minute , I hit " Tweet . " Goodbye , and good luck . I did n’t know what the impact would be . It was n't a dissertation on economic theory , just one point of view and one that I thought might spark a little conversation – and maybe some criticism . Most likely , it would be missed or ignored . That was OK , too . I just had to tweet it ; no one had to react . Prepare for launch Almost from the start , the activity on the tweet was stronger than normal . Many of my tweets get a dozen or more likes and retweets . Sometimes , especially if I 'm live-tweeting an Apple event , I even get a few hundred or more . In almost a decade of tweeting , nothing has even received a response like this . Within a few hours I had over 2,000 likes , and I noticed that my phone kept buzzing . Increasingly , there were verified accounts , many with thousands of followers , picking it up . Most just liked it , the equivalent of nodding and saying , " I see what you did there . " But a growing number of verified accounts were also retweeting it to their thousands of followers . Normally , tweets lose steam after 10 minutes or so . This one kept getting stronger and stronger . Apparently , I struck a nerve . After eight hours or so , I 'd amassed over 11,000 likes for this single tweet . Then a few celebrities started sharing and things got crazy . I watched as the likes rose in real-time , still outpacing retweets three-to-one . It was stunning . It was probably around this time , say 10 p.m. , that I and some Twitter users noticed there was a small error in the digression : I managed to delete two letters in one step , when I went from " Trickle Down E " to " Trickle Dow . " It 's pretty easy to miss ( it 's a little like that old " Rain in Span falls mainly on the the plains " word puzzle ) and visually does n’t hurt the image . In fact , I now think the imperfection improves the pictograph . Seriously , anyone could have made this same tweet , but mine ends up being a little different . Now what Late on Saturday night , I started getting notifications from TrendsMap that I was trending in Ireland , Australia and Taiwan as the tweet collected hundreds of retweets and almost 10,000 likes an hour . A day later , I think it 's fair to say my tweet has gone viral . My phone is still buzzing . Since I started writing this , the tweet has added 7,000 likes and 4,000 retweets . This ca n't last . Soon people will stop sharing my tweet and it will fade from memory , at least , perhaps , until Trump signs the tax bill into law . What have I learned ? Timing is everything . I tweeted when I was most wound up about the bill , which also happened to be when much of the Twitter population was , as well . I kept it simple : no hashtags , images , or GIFs . I did n’t link to a story about the bill . I just left the interpretation up to Twitter . Even so , there 's no magic recipe for viral tweets . Sometimes you just get lucky , and sometimes you get very lucky .	My ' trickle down economics ' tweet went crazy viral and here 's a play-by-play
By Clément GRUEL , Gaëlle GUERIN , Ania KHAZINA &amp; Ophélie JEANNIN.Teacher ’s experience is directly connected to other activities and actors within the framework of education . Thus , while discussing their learning processes we should be looking at it with a wider perspective . Teachers ’ self-reflection and self-evaluation play also acrucial role in educational systems . Quantifying these experiences together with evaluation of teachers by other actors of the system can serve as a reliable set of criteria for reflection on the state of education in general.Different initiatives exist in the world to help teachers understand what are their own learning experiences , promote reflection and emphasize their strengths and weaknesses . But before getting into details , we would like to define what is learning experience for pedagogs and what are the challenges in evaluating it.How do we define learning experience?It ’s hard to define a learning experience by itself , especially in pedagogical field . Before discussing practical methods of quantifying it , we should make sure to have a clear understanding of the subject . Is teacher ’s learning process linked to a particular content or to a pedagogical skill ? How are their experiences influenced by feedbacks from students , peers , administration and experts ? How can we include learning experiences obtained outside the educational establishment , like reading research papers , listening to a radio podcast or watching a movie?In broad terms , learning experience of teachers not only revolves around obtaining knowledge , but also includes pedagogical training ( and , respectively , external evaluation ) , peer-to-exchange , interaction with students and parents , etc . Altogether , self-evaluation for teachers is highly influenced by their environment.External measurementThe way teachers are evaluated now ( and thus , how they think learning experience ) is mainly based on their expertise of a program or subject ( i.e , Literature , Mathematics , Physics , History , etc ) . Pedagogical skills and interpersonal skills in general ( communication , constructive feedback for instance ) are often overlooked . There is almost no measurement of activities made by teachers outside the school : lesson preparation , time dedicated to help students on their orientation , interdisciplinary projects , parents relations , etc . The evaluation framework narrows the definition of learning experience to expertise in a particular field and evaluates it accordingly : there is no place to reflect on your own definition . It is especially true in France , where teachers are selected through an exam testing their knowledge on study subjects , and not on their pedagogical skills.Another challenge is evaluating progress in a fluctuating environment and through time . Teacher ’s skills are diverse , some of them are applicable and effective only in particular situations . A teacher can try to improve her/his pedagogy with one class because she/he feels more involved , but not with all her/his classes . Timing raises the same challenge : a teacher could be very motivated or agile at a certain point of his/her career and lose interest through time.Focus of measurementFinally , we need to frame clear objectives in measuring learning experiences for teachers . Goals and stakes of quantifying learning experiences should be clearly set : will it have an impact on incentives , school management or teacher ’s training ? If we talk about self-measurement , we should take into account what activities are considered important by teachers themselves . There are different scopes that sometimes overlap : personal projects , students and family requirements , unstable institutional frameworks . For instance , the research paper by C. Michaud underlines that for teachers trainees , the most important is that their work is to be recognized and their professional identity validated by the community.Current practices of external measurement : FranceIn the French public education system , teachers reflect on their learning experiences through external evaluation . All along their career , teachers get feedback on their competencies through formalized frameworks . It creates an environment of comparison and competition , with grades and hierarchical appreciations . It all starts with a national public exam , the CAPES followed by an initial training ( Master MEEF ) . Some courses of Master MEEF focus more on pedagogical skills but evaluation of knowledge usually sticks to a grade system.Evaluating learning experience for French teachers is strongly associated to an administrative exercise and process . Indeed , every five years on average , teachers receive an inspector in their class to check if they are good or bad teachers . The following report by inspector can have an important impact on teacher ’s career . Inspections are one of the rare occasions dedicated to reflect on pedagogy and most of the time , they represent a stressy and unpleasant exercise for teachers . This is very specific comparing to international education systems : this measurement does n’t rely on student ’s ’ performance or interaction with rest of the school community.Hence , there are very few moments to think on the position of a teacher within this institutionalized framework : somehow succeeding the public exam means you can be a teacher for the rest of your life . Even if you are “ inspected ” every five years , your teaching competencies are somehow taken for granted . From time to time , some specific training sessions are organized for teachers , but they are too short and rarely focused on important issues and real needs . Furthermore , such trainings are not mandatory to follow ( except for elementary school teachers ) . Last but not least , the global lack of measurement of teacher ’s interpersonal skills and activities outside the classroom persists in France as well : lesson preparation , time dedicated to help students on their orientation , interdisciplinary projects , relations with parents are not considered important factors for evaluation.State of the art of quantifying teachers ’ learning experiencesDespite all these challenges , more and more initiatives aiming to help teachers reflect on own learning path emerge all over the world today . Even if one solution can not be applied globally , these examples provide a lot of insights on how to improve the existing evaluation ( and self-evaluation ) practices and , by extension the whole educational system . We believe that any education system should invest more on teacher ’s training and focus particularly on promoting reflection on one ’s personal learning experiences.We categorized existing initiatives into three sections : those that focus on developing pedagogical skills ( 1 ) , those that help teachers identify their own learning experiences ( 2 ) and those that get them involved in a larger school community promoting peer-to-peer exchange ( 3 ) .1 . Training programs dedicated to pedagogical skillsA solid initial training associated to a lifelong development is key to foster teachers ’ skills and learning experiences . One solution existing in USA is Professional Development Schools ( PDSs ) for teachers . The PDDs are innovative institutions for teachers that aim to provide a state-of-the-art of best practices and teacher learning . They are often compared to teaching hospitals because , as doctors learn through gestures , teachers need both to learn content and to improve their practices . Both university and school faculty plan and teach in these programs.Some of the US teacher programs extend beyond the four-year bachelor ’s degree program . This fifth year allows students to focus only on the task of preparing how to teach , with school-based internships ( one-year long ) linked to coursework on learning and teaching .2 . Helping teachers to identify their own learning experiencesThe definition of learning experience could be seen as a subjective and majorly personal issue . However , as for every lifelong learner it is fundamental to validate and prove your competencies to rest of the community . Classifications , badges , frameworks are key to help in this definition process.Taking that into account , we can refer to the European portfolio for language teachers in initial training ( PEPELF ) by the European Centre for Modern Languages or the European Skills/Competences , Qualifications and Occupations ( ESCO ) . The latter organizes skills over different professions in order to help creating bridges from one field to another , from teaching to web-designing for instance . In that sense , and using the model of ESCO skills , Spain has created the Digital Competence Portfolio for Teachers.Another interesting project promoting deep reflection on teachers experiences was led in Louisville ( Kentucky ) : ten teachers were assigned to follow ten children through their day at school . Going from class to class , observing student ’s performance in different situations , analysing the work of their peers from an observer ’s perspective helped teachers realize what they could improve in their own work . As a follow-up to this example , self-evaluation grid ( as in this example ) might be a useful tool to extend and reinforce this reflection.In Ontario , Canada , there is a system of “ map of competencies ” . The official system is composed of “ Basic Qualification ” ( Qualifications de Bases additionnelles , QBA ) and “ Additional Qualifications ” ( Qualifications Additionnelles ) that could be considered as a professional development system . Additional Qualifications , included in teacher ’s certificate , represent teacher ’s investment in students and pedagogical competences.Tapp is an Indian app dedicated to teachers professional development through measuring and improving teacher ’s skills . Measurements are based on seven principles of good teaching that imply overall effective work in class : the purpose of the class , children ’s speaking , reading and understanding of the topic , proper use of workbooks , assessments.In France , research papers try to explore the benefits of using a portfolio for teachers ( Michaud , 2010 ) . Some associations , such as the foundation “ La Main à la pâte ” created a self-evaluation tool but there are usually complicated to implement on a large scale .3 . Fostering peer-to-peer learning to impact the communitySome initiatives aim at helping teachers realize their impact on the community : teacher ’s actions can be the ones that jumpstart the global changes in education , and teachers are also the ones who can help parents , administrators or public policy-makers to embrace these changes . First step towards global shift in mindset is open discussion and exchange of ideas . To get tangible results in the civil society , teachers should bet on sharing practices and thoughts with their peers in order to achieve creative and realistic solutions . An example of such initiative in France is a lifelong learning programme for teachers , Parcours Connectés by SynLab . It helps them develop interdisciplinary and soft skills ( cooperation , critical thinking , creativity ) . This experiment is supported by several research laboratories , start-ups and an ESPE of Créteil ( public school for teachers ) . Such research centers with focus on interdisciplinarity , open discussion about epistemology of learning and involvement of teachers in civil society issues might be an important step towards catalyzing innovation in education . Within Parcours Connectés , EtreProf.fr is a collaborative platform for teachers where they can share good practices and exchange on their expertise . Another example of efficient platform is the Community Tool of NewTech Network in Australia.In Singapore , where teaching is highly respected , every year , teachers are evaluated on three dimensions : their contribution to the academic and personal development of students , their collaboration with the parents and the community , and their own contribution to the collective activities organized in school . Teachers who perform best in within this framework get a financial bonus . Through such multidimensional evaluation , teachers obtain a wider view on their learning experiences.Peer-to peer exchange is a crucial factor to extend perception and reflection on learning experience for teachers . Education system should build learning environments that enable teachers to share their doubts , tricks , feelings with peers with respect and confidence . Open discussion with students , administrators and parents could reinforce teachers personal development as well . Some practical solutions to promote these practices are professional networks or pedagogical exchange programs ( something like Erasmus for teachers allowing them to spend one year in a foreign school ) . Example of a teaching class in a Professional Development School , USA.Opportunities and challenges in quantifying learning experiences for teachers1 . OpportunitiesQuantify and measure what teachers learn , how they learn and why they learn could give us insights on how to improve the education system as a whole . This data could help create accurate training curriculum for teachers that is consistent with their needs and ambitions . In addition to that , it might allow administration and educational authorities to better detect and tackle problems encountered by teachers.Measuring learning experience is an important tool for teachers to identify and use their personal skills in class . Structured feedback from the community , as well as their own reflection on their pedagogy is crucial for teachers to understand their strengths , use them better in class and also determine what to improve . Needless to say , teachers are more likely to enter and stay in teaching if they are working in a balanced and confidence-based environment.Hence , taking a step back to reflect on their own learning path is a great opportunity for teachers to realize that they are also learners .2 . ChallengesHowever , quantifying teachers learning experience raises many challenges . First and foremost , changing the view of teachers on pedagogy is not easy : they are highly influenced by their personal experience and vision of education . Asking teachers to develop sophisticated knowledge and practices could be in opposition with what they experienced themselves as students.Another challenge is that the existing education system is based on hierarchy , which does n’t leave any space for teachers to share personal points of view or experiences about pedagogy . Fearing of being badly appreciated , teachers are isolated in their reflection , they tend to keep their ideas and doubts for themselves . Fostering communication among peers should be a priority , an open discussion is essential to make global changes in mindshift and create a new image of pedagogy ( see the European Pestalozzi report ) . It is very important to keep in mind what are the goals and consequences of quantifying learning experiences : balanced evaluation system should consider both opportunities and dangers of this practice . In addition to that , we should make sure that self-evaluation is not just another menial task for teachers : any time-consuming or unhandy tool will bring frustration rather than positive outcome.Our recommendations1 . What to measure?What kind of skills should be measured ? It ’s very hard to define criteria that can be applied to everyone . As we mentioned before , teacher ’s work demands constant adaptation to changing working environment . In addition to that , there is no single and universally accepted conception of what is an “ efficient ” way of teaching.Here are some examples of competencies worth evaluating and/or reflecting on : Understanding of the topic taught ; Animating and adapting their pedagogy to the class by : Finding ways to personalizing curriculum ; Giving constructive feedback to students ; Evaluating them fairly ; Getting feedback from peers and sharing their experience and knowledge with them ; Communicating with the administration and parents ; Knowing the general state of the education system and policy.The way to measure those points should also be personalized . Each teacher should define his/her own indicators of progress : how do they get insights from students , during class , after class , on specific feedback sessions ? Do they focus their attention on lesson contents or on improving their interpersonal skills ? Should they share their practices and self-evaluation through forums or databases ? How do they interact with other professionals?With all this in mind , we should stress that quantifying and evaluating everything is not the one and only road to progress . It is important for teachers to be able to act outside this strict framework of judgement in order to set clear goals for improvement.In this regard we should pay specific attention to peer-to-peer exchange , as this practice is majorly overlooked in education . Teachers can attend each other ’s classes and organize a place where they could exchange their reflections on teaching . They could try to “ think about how you would advise a new colleague about your practice , and the sources of information that you would use to inform your reflection ” . We also have to bring coaching and mentoring to teachers . Discussions with experienced teachers could provide young teachers with useful practices and objective feedback on their own performance . It is important for teachers community to be able to act outside the strict framework of evaluation in order to set clear goals for improvement.It is possible to come up with tools to document these experiences , but we should make sure to focus on providing good learning practices rather than quantifying them .2 . Practical solutionsThe use of digital tools in education is a widely discussed topic , partially because it is still important for teachers to rely on non-digital materials . In this regard a paper tool , that is portable , inexpensive and easy-to-use might be an practical solution to promote self-evaluation , reflection and documentation among teachers . It is important to make this practice engaging and relaxing , enabling teachers to reflect on their experience and motivating them to learn and improve . A paper tool that combines practices of a personal journal , and evaluation grid and a planner may qualify these needs.At the same time , in order to jumpstart the transformation of education we need to make sure that these personal reflections are shared with the wider learning community , which means that there is a need for a digital platform for evaluation , feedback , peer-to-peer exchange and sharing resources . It is important to involve self-reflection and self-evaluation in the overall long-term evaluation of teachers , to improve global teaching ( and learning ) practices.ConclusionOne of the most important thing is to change the mindset of the teachers and the community around.Fostering reflection on their own practices along with peer-to-peer exchanges seems to be a good start . We need to foster teachers to be able to look at their experiences from a wider angle.There is a need for an easy , inexpensive tools for self-evaluation and documentation for teachers , possibly a paper tool . However , we should consider a need to create a unified , most certainly digital tool for evaluation , peer-to-peer exchange and sharing pedagogical practices.Evaluation of teachers should involve all actors of education , including teachers ’ own reflection on their work . Triangulating evaluation is key to create a balanced educational system : “ Too much weight can be given to a narrow range of evidence , for example students ’ examination performance . Triangulating evidence from a number of sources , systematically incorporating classroom observations and using more than one evaluator will help ensure judgements are sound . ” We should make sure to involve the parents , students , administrators , experts in an open discussion about education in order to improve it in a way that fits the needs of every actor in the learning community.BibliographyOECD Review on Evaluation and Assessment Frameworks for Improving School Outcomes , 2013 ( Webpage ) OECD Synergies for Better Learning : An International Perspective on Evaluation and Assessment , 2013 ( Webpage ) Rapport de la Cour des Comptes , “ Gérer les enseignants autrement . Une réforme qui reste à faire ” ( octobre 2017 ) ( Webpage ) Rapport de la Cour des Comptes , “ Enseigner autrement ” ( 2013 ) ( Webpage ) Concertation sur la refondation de l’école de la République , “ Formation des enseignants : éléments de comparaison internationale ” , 2012Cambridge International , Assessment International Education “ Evaluating Teaching ” , ( Webpage ) Council of Europe , Pestalozzi report n ° 1 . Former les enseignants au changement , 2010 ( link ) . Portfolio européen pour les enseignants en langues en formation initiale . 2014 ( slides ) The glossary of education reform — Learning experience . Aout 2013 ( webpage ) European Profiling Grid . ( webpage ) ESCO — enseignant-chercheur en sciences de la terre/enseignante-chercheuse en sciences de la terre ( webpage ) Caisse des dépôts — Parcours connectés , 2017 ( pdf ) Marie Duru-Bellat , « Les compétences non académiques en question » , Formation emploi [ En ligne ] , 130 | Avril-Juin 2015 , mis en ligne le 08 juin 2017 , consulté le 16 juin 2015 . URLChristian Michaud . Le portfolio : un en - ( je ) u de formation et de développement professionnel . Education . Université Claude Bernard — Lyon I , 2010 . Français . URLCastley Andrew , Learning through reflection — a guide for the reflective practitioner , University of Warwick , 2005 ( Link ) Stewart , W . How Singapore Developed a High-Quality Teacher Workforce . Asia Society . [ En ligne ] , ( webpage ) Darling-Hammond L , Teacher Learning That Supports Student Learning : What Teachers Need to Know , Edutopia , 1999 ( Link ) Ferlazzo . Self-Driven Learning : Teaching Strategies for Student Motivation . figure1 .4 . Eye on education . 2013 . ( pdf ) eChai , Indian start-up that had creatse a communication platform for parents , teachers and students ( Link ) Edmodo , a social network for parents , teachers and students ( Webpage ) NewTech Network and particularly their “ Community Tool ” . The NewTech Network aims to improve sharing of good practices for teachers in the Australia ( link ) Tapp : this app will help measure teachers ’ skills . The time of india . [ En ligne ] . Aout 2015 , ( webpage )	Measuring lifelong learning experiences for teachers
« Do you see the skies above us ? » he said in a gentle tone . I raised my head up high , my eyes peering into the endless space painted with shining stars and figures . I could feel their reflections sparkling within my gaze as a wondrous smile crept up my face . His arms slowly embraced me as his warmth made me feel safe in this endless painting which I felt like seeing for the first time . « Just remember , no matter how many times you feel bedazzled by the endless wonders and opportunities , be sure to keep on smiling in wonder and not feel frightened . » I did n’t know much about the words he said , nor did I ponder over them . All I knew was that I was safe and that my world was just like that sky , sparkling with shiny stars and brimming with unknown opportunities , endless in its imagination . I ’ll never forget the warmth I felt , his arms around me … Gravestones always seem so cold , no matter the epitaph written on them . The words could be kind and filled with love yet the stone made them feel stern and obligatory . “ Loving husband and father , ” it said , yet somehow it felt sad to think a person ’s life could be reduced to a single sentence on a headstone . No matter how old I get , I still feel helpless when it comes to loss , whether I was six and lost my pet rabbit , thirteen when grandma died or at the age of twenty-one , when my father passed away . Many people used to tell me how much I resembled my mother in appearance but my father in character and spirit . From then on , they used the past tense.It ’s odd how I ’d always been a bit of a cry-baby , how my father would comfort me , wiping me tears away and convincing me all would be all right , but this time , I did n’t cry . I did n’t cry when the doctors told mom that he would n’t be waking up . I did n’t cry when my mom turned away , sobbing silent tears and hiding her grief . I did n’t cry when my family and friends came to offer their respects and condolences to my late father . I did not cry when they lowered his coffin into the earth … But the most painful thing of it all , I did not cry when I wanted to the most . It was n’t much that I did n’t want to cry or was trying to keep strong . Of course I wanted to be there for mom and be strong for my family in these hard times , but I too had the right to grief . I too had the right to feel helpless and lost with the death of my father . I had the right to feel pain yet I could n’t cry . I lost the ability to do so , never to return again . Dad used to tell me that crying could be a showing of strength , of opening up your vulnerability to someone and simply being you at your inner core near someone took real courage , he used to say . Still , I could not cry … I hated not being able to cry . It ’s like when I sat hours without end in the shower , watching the water pour over my body , trickling from the shower head yet I could not feel the warmth . It ’s like wanting to scream but every time I open my mouth , no sound comes out . It ’s like the fading of a warm memory … I still feel the warmth from those arms but can not feel those arms around me anymore … I wonder , dad , are you now too up in that sky ? Because when I look at the stars at night , all I can see is you and all I can hear is your voice reminding me not to look down when faced with pain but to look right ahead . It ’s your warmth that still keeps me from feeling lonely when I look up that sky , wondering if now you too have become one of those stars which kept me wondering as a child but now serve me as a reminder of my resilience . Papa , can you hear me ? Are you watching me as I make my way through life , guiding me by arranging the stars in the path to follow ? Are you shining down your light on me , hoping I might find myself within it , strengthened by the fact that no matter which sky I see or stars I gaze at , it is you that stares back at me ?	Papa , Can You Hear Me ?
I ’ve said it before somewhere in my writing ; I ’m not new to journaling . I ’ve been journaling off and on for I think 8 months . I have two notebooks full and a third filling up , as well as 30 or so posts here on Medium about my thoughts.JournalingJournaling in itself is an amazingly therapeutic approach to organizing your thoughts . There ’s several different methods depending on what type of person you are , or what you want to get out of it . I know some people whose journals are full of doodles instead of paragraphs . Others like to do short summaries of their day . I myself preferred to do stream of conscious writing . Write and consider the thoughts that are going through my head.In the beginning a lot of those thoughts were full of self-doubt , anger , anxiety , and depression . I can confidently say I ’ve gotten rid of most of the anger , anxiety , and depression , not only in my writing but in my mind . I still struggle with self-doubt but that ’s being managed now by the feedback from people here on Medium . You guys give me the confidence that what I ’m saying has at least a little meaning and impact to others . And for anyone scared of committing to putting something creative and personal online ; not a single person has even remotely said anything negative to me . Medium has a wonderful community . Take advantage of that to build your platform in a positive place.Back to journaling . I started out writing everything on my mind , sometimes 2 – 3 pages of handwriting . As I gained more control over myself I realized the style of writing I was doing was n’t helping me any more . I was improving but I plateaued at a point where my focus on negative emotions in my writing was the main time when I felt negative emotions . So I moved on to more positive writing.I ranted less about what was wrong and focused more on what was going right . During this time I started seeing my strength in writing . More importantly I noticed how big of a shift my mindstate had gone through.Even right now while writing this , these are new reflections I ’m having . I did n’t consciously notice these things 4 months ago . It was a very subtle shift each time I wrote . And I wrote nearly every day . Sometimes twice a day . Then sometimes I would n’t write for weeks . When I got back to writing daily I noticed the shifts . I could tell it was working and continued.If you want to start a journaling habit , do n’t just give it 30 days to see how you feel about it . Give it 100 days . Give it a year . It ’s a constant progression that takes a lot of time to get rolling , but once you find that groove you ’ll see incredibly fast results.With that said though , do n’t worry if you miss a day , or five , or twenty . Just pick it back up again when you notice you ’ve stopped . Self improvement is a marathon not a sprint . * Public * JournalingWith my foundation of a journaling habit built , on November 1st I decided to post my thoughts online.Immediately everything changed.When what I wrote was private , it was for me and me alone . No one else has read those words . That sounds comforting , but there ’s danger in comfort . It ’s called complacency . It ’s called feeling good about mediocre work . Thinking you ’re making great progress when you ’re really only scratching the surface.When I started posting online I was no longer accountable only to myself . There was potentially millions of people who could read what I wrote . People who could learn something from your story.You ca n’t be complacent when others rely on you.I had to dig deeper into myself to provide lessons for others to learn . I could n’t be satisfied with posting something if there was n’t some piece of the writing that hit me in a good way . Sure not many people will read what I write for a long time , but every person matters . Each single view is a chance to give something to the world . To really make an impact on someones life.I know that because I ’ve been down . I ’ve spent time in darkness looking for light . One sentence can be all it takes to connect the dots . One story , one piece of advice , one idea.Words are powerful . I hope you start using yours in a way that works for you . If that ’s not journaling , or public journaling , then maybe it ’s video creation . Or maybe it ’s putting out thoughtful tweets . Inspiring instagram stories . Hilarious snapchats . Whatever it is , find it . Find it by trying it.Sometimes you ’ll feel like you ’re really stuck . That ’s okay because there ’s always a way to push through .	My Experience With Daily Public Journaling
All three parties involved in the new coalition government favour legislating against single-use plastic bags , but they do n't agree on what that legislation should say . As yet , there have been no policies announced relating to bags . In the meantime more and more retailers are making their own moves on plastic , while still calling for Government regulation . LABOUR The Labour Party acknowledged there was a need to see a significant reduction of plastic bags , and recently-minted Associate Minister for the Environment Nanaia Mahuta said the party would consider the model rolled out in the United Kingdom . The UK placed a mandatory levy on plastic bags at the point of sale , which applied to large employers , but excluded small businesses such as dairies . All proceeds from the UK levy are donated to charity and environmental organisations . " We recognise the strong support for such a measure by the local government sector , and the damaging impact that single use plastic bags have on our environment , " Mahuta said . GREENS The Greens have had a bill in the ballot for months . Modelled on the UK legislation , it would introduce a charge of 15 cents on every bag at the check out and the money would be collected and used to fund not-for-profit groups involved in clean ups and waste minimisation . Greens Associate Environment Minister Eugenie Sage was unable to disclose whether there had been any conversations yet between new coalition government partners on action against plastic bags . " The negotiations were confidential to the parties . One of the 20 goals in the Green Party 's confidence and supply agreement with Labour is : commit to minimising waste to landfill with significant reductions in all waste classes by 2020 , " she said . " Reducing waste is a priority for the Green Party in government , including action to phase out single use plastic bags . We support initiatives by supermarkets to reduce their use . " NEW ZEALAND FIRST Speaking before the election , then-New Zealand First MP Denis O'Rourke said the party did not support a statutory levy because it would increase the price of food . However , O'Rourke said the party would support legislation requiring supermarkets to phase out the use of non-biodegradable plastic bags within five years of the date of the regulation . " This will allow time for bio-degradable New Zealand made alternatives to be introduced , such as corn-starch plastic bags , and paper bags produced from recycled materials , along with reusable fabric bags using fibres produced within New Zealand , " he said . " Consumers will be required to dispose of all bio-degradable bags as part of their organic waste collected by councils for composting . " He said NZ First would also support regulation requiring supermarkets to collect all used non-biodegradable soft plastic to be recycled . . " A suitable threshold will be developed based on sales volumes to determine the size of supermarkets and other food sellers , which will be caught by these regulations , " he said . NATIONAL What about the opposition ? National resisted calls for a levy or ban during its time in power . Instead , it funded the roll out of the Soft Plastics Recycling Scheme to much of New Zealand . A working group was set up before the election , but details about its aims and members remained vague . Environment spokesman Scott Simpson said he did not know what had happened to the group , which was intended to have input from the country 's largest supermarkets and packaging industry , which he set up . " It seems clear the Government will follow a heavy-handed interventionist regulatory path . I suspect that approach will go well beyond supermarket plastic bags and have wide ranging impacts on both individuals and businesses , " he said .	The new Government does n't agree on plastic bag legislation
MILAN ( Reuters ) - AC Milan 's visit to bottom-of-the-table Benevento on Sunday was supposed to be all about Gennaro Gattuso as the famously combative former midfielder made his debut as coach of the seven-times European champions . Instead , Gattuso 's thunder was stolen by a 26-year-old goalkeeper who has spent the last two years being shunted around clubs on loan and struggling to hold down a first-team place . Alberto Brignoli caused a sensation when he scored with a 95th minute header to give Benevento a 2-2 draw -- their first-ever point in Serie A after they had begun their debut season in the top flight with a record-breaking 14 consecutive defeats . " I 'm not just happy for me but for everyone , " he said . " We 've lost so many games undeservedly with goals in the 90th minute but now it 's our turn to celebrate . " It 's a dream to be in Serie A although we hoped that it would have turned out better than this , " he added . " There was nothing to lose . I just closed my eyes and jumped . It was a goalkeeper 's goal , not a forward 's goal . " Brignoli himself has had a frustrating time over the last two seasons . He was the regular goalkeeper for second tier Ternana until he joined Italian champions Juventus in July 2015 . They immediately loaned him to Sampdoria for 2015/16 , where he made only one Serie A appearance , and then to Spanish club Leganes for 2016/17 , where he also made a single appearance . In January this year , he stepped back down to Serie B to play for Perugia in another loan move before moving to Benevento in the summer . There was more frustration as he started as second choice behind Vid Belec but he performed well when he was given a chance against Verona and has kept his place since . " Brignoli has been harshly criticised for some mistakes , " said Benevento coach Roberto De Zerbi . " If you believe until the very end , luck does not always turn it 's back on you . " Despite the point , Benevento remained eight points adrift at the bottom of the table and are still firm favourites to go straight back down . " In terms of the standings , it does n't change anything but in terms of morale , it 's a real boost , " said De Zerbi . " The lads deserved it . There have been other games where we had deserved a point but this time , we went looking for it with more conviction and more anger . "	Journeyman goalkeeper steals Gattuso 's thunder
Say hello to Remote for Google Slides — a Chrome Extension and a Progressive Web App that allows you to control Google Slides on any device , remotely , without the need for any extra hardware.Easy to useRemote for Google Slides is very easy to use . To get started , install the Chrome extension on Chrome Web Store , open Google Slides in presentation mode , a six-digits PIN will show on the screen . Enter the PIN on s.limhenry.xyz , and you are ready to go!Speaker Notes and TimerWe introduced two new features in the latest update — speaker notes and timer . We added speaker notes , so you can refer to your notes during your presentation . To make sure you can keep track of time , we also added a timer on the bottom of the web application . We want you to have a successful presentation!Remote for Google Slides is now available on Chrome Web Store . We ’d love to hear what you think . Please let us know how we can improve on GitHub or Twitter.Want to support this project ? Star this project on GitHub or you can make a donation here !	Meet Remote for Google Slides , a new way to control your presentation slides
BOSTON ( AP ) — The potency of certain opioid painkillers has Massachusetts ' judiciary considering whether to ban the substances from being brought into courtrooms as evidence — a move some experts say is driven by a misunderstanding of the real dangers.The chief justice of the Massachusetts Trial Court recently told prosecutors that she fears allowing fentanyl and carfentanil into courtrooms puts lawyers , jurors and defendants at risk even when the drugs are properly packaged . " Given their demonstrated potency and toxicity , the risk of accidental exposure , the training necessary to safely handle even though those samples that have been securely packaged as evidence , we believe a ban on these substances may be a necessary and reasonable measure , " the Justice Paula Carey said in a letter.The U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency said in new guidelines for first responders this year that even a tiny amount of fentanyl — the equivalent to five to seven grains of table salt — is enough to cause respiratory failure and possibly death . Carfentanil , which is used to tranquilize elephants , is up to 10,000 times more potent than morphine , officials say.The Massachusetts State Police Crime Lab has said that even drugs contained in plastic packaging as evidence should be handled with nitrile gloves and that courtrooms should have the overdose antidote naloxone on hand in case there 's an accidental tear , Carey said in the letter.Fears of the powerful drugs have been driven by reports of law enforcement falling ill after coming in contact with the substances , but the stories have been challenged by professionals who say they do n't make medical sense . While powdered opioids are dangerous if they get into the bloodstream , they are n't easily absorbed into the skin , so just accidently touching the drugs should n't make someone sick , experts say . " If something got out and fell into a pile on the tabletop , I 'd walk over and sweep it into a garbage can with my hand . I would n't waste time finding a hazmat suit , " said Dr. Edward Boyer , a medical toxicologist at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston.Boyer and Dr. Andrew Stolbach , another medical toxicologist , said the drugs would pose no risk in the courtroom if they 're properly packaged . " Concern , or even hysteria , might be natural when people are faced with something new , " said Stolbach , an associate professor of emergency medicine at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine.Courts have been grappling with how to handle drug evidence for decades , with several judges moving in the 1990s to bar prosecutors from bringing liquid PCP into courtrooms , said David Labahn , president of the Washington , D.C.-based Association of Prosecuting Attorneys.Some individual courthouses have similarly banned opioids like fentanyl , Labahn said , but he is unaware of any statewide actions like the one being considered in Massachusetts.How fentanyl and carfentanil prosecutions would change under the new proposal , which was first reported by The Boston Herald , remains unclear . The trial court has been collecting feedback from district attorneys and defense lawyers and hopes to have a policy ready in early December , spokeswoman Jennifer Donahue said.Norfolk District Attorney Michael Morrissey , president of the state district attorneys association , said the group is waiting to see the final policy but shares the chief judge 's concerns and supports a change as long as it also safeguards the rights of defendants.And Anthony Benedetti , chief counsel of the state 's public defenders agency , said it 's " examining how to balance what appears to be a safety issue with the critical ability for defendants to ensure that , at their trial or at their plea , that the evidence is in fact what the government claims it is . " Photographs or videos of drug evidence could be provided to jurors , and drug lab chemists who analyzed the substances could be brought into court to testify and face questions from the defense , said Martin Healy , chief legal counsel of the Massachusetts Bar Association . " This is such a serious public safety issue that it does require flexibility on behalf of the defense community and the prosecutorial community , " Healy said . " It may cost some additional money to get through these trials , but I think its money and resources well spent so you do n't lose an innocent life . "	Should opioids be banned in court over fears of exposure ?
PRINCE George and Princess Charlotte have been confirmed as pageboy and bridesmaid for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle 's wedding next year . The pair , who stole the show at Pippa Middleton 's nuptials , will resume their roles as adorable members of the much-anticipated wedding party . News Group Newspapers LtdGeorge , 4 , and Charlotte , 2 , will follow Meghan , 36 , up the aisle when she weds her prince at Windsor Castle , the Sunday Times reports . A Kensington Palace spokesperson told the paper : " The wedding will be a family event . You can expect the family to be involved . " The young prince was left in tears at his aunt 's lavish wedding in May - after he got a stern scolding from his mum outside the church . George , who was all smiles earlier in the day , broke down following the ceremony at St Mark 's Church in Englefield , Berkshire . Getty - ContributorNews Group Newspapers LtdFootage of the wedding party leaving the ceremony could reveal why he received a scolding from the Duchess of Cambridge - as the adorable pageboy appeared to step on the train of the bride 's £ 40,000 wedding dress . It is expected , but not confirmed , that the Duke of Cambridge will be the best man at his brother 's wedding next year . Harry took on the role for Williams wedding to Kate in 2011 , however the position is apparently known simply as a " supporter " at a royal wedding . Although the pair have met and Meghan praised the Duchess of Cambridge for her support , royals expert and author Marlene Koenig , told Harper 's Bazaar she is unlikely to be in the bridal party . She said : " She is the future queen consort when William becomes king after his father , and would unlikely be an attending person to another royal bride . " Pregnant Kate is expected to give birth to her third child a few weeks before the Spring wedding and so could be a bit preoccupied . It is also unclear if the newborn would be at the wedding . There has been much speculation over the possibility of a bank holiday for the royal wedding - what are the rumours so far ? We pay for your stories ! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team ? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too . Click here to upload yours .	Prince George and Princess Charlotte will walk down the aisle when Meghan Markle weds Prince Harry
EXILED Rwandan King Yuhi VI lives in a Manchester council flat where he loves scoffing chips and gravy and drinking bitter . Better known as Emmanuel Bushayija , the exiled Rwandan royalty has lived in Greater Manchester since 2000 and was only recently declared king of the small African country . He was made a monarch in January following the death of his uncle King Kigeli V. But Bushayija , who lives in a semi-detached house in Sale , and the entire royal family were exiled from their home country in 1961 when it became a republic . His next door neighbour and best mate Peter Renshaw became close to the king over 10 years of friendship . Mr Renshaw said : " He 's a private man . I do n't call him Your Majesty down the pub . I 've been with him on trips to London when all the protocols are in place and he 's being all majestic , which takes some getting used to . " Google EarthHe added : " I 'm proud to say I 'm friends with the King of Rwanda . When I 'm old and grey and in an old folk 's home they 'll probably thin I 've lost my marbles saying I was best friends with a king . " Giving his first interview since being given his title , Bushayija said he lives an average life of a northern man , knocking back pints of Hydes bitter , watching footy and eating chips and gravy . He also revealed he supports both Manchester United and Manchester City and loves a good British pie . Speaking to the Sunday Times , the monarch took the opportunity to give Prince Harry and Meghan Markle a his royal blessing . " On behalf of the Rwanda people , " the new monarch said , " I wish you the very best of luck with your engagement " . The king and father of three dreams of one day returning to Rwanda as a leader and quipped that he is probably the one of Elizabeth II 's subjects who is a monarch . We pay for your stories ! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team ? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too . Click here to upload yours .	The King of Rwanda lives in a Manchester council flat and loves nothing more than chips with gravy and a pint of bitter
A group of former New York Giants players wearing Eli Manning jerseys may show up to next week 's home game against the Dallas Cowboys , according to FOX Sports ' Jay Glazer . Earlier in the week , Giants head coach Ben McAdoo announced the decision to bench Manning for Geno Smith against the Oakland Raiders on Sunday . Manning had started 210 consecutive regular season games for the Giants . Manning was given the option whether he wanted to continue his streak but he declined and allowed for McAdoo to make the call to play Smith and Davis Webb . The team also sent out a confidential email informing all employees not to discuss or comment on Manning 's situation , according to Glazer . ESPN 's Sal Paolantonio reports that a team official says Manning appears ready to move on from the Giants in 2018 . " It 's pretty clear around the organization that even though Eli Manning is the good teammate and the good soldier right now that he is ready to move on in 2018 . When I asked one team official , ' What 's Eli Manning 's future with this team ? ' He said , ' Who knows who will even be making those decisions ' . Suggesting there will are major changes coming within this organization . " Manning will be a free agent at the end of the season . The Giants are 2 – 9 on the season , which is a far cry from last year 's 11 – 5 record .	Report : Former Giants May Wear Eli Manning Jerseys to Game vs. Cowboys Next Week
CHICAGO ( CBS ) — Two people were killed and at least 14 others have been wounded in shootings across Chicago since Friday evening , police said . The most recent fatal shooting happened Saturday afternoon in the Cragin neighborhood on the Northwest Side . A male , whose age was n’t immediately known , was riding a bicycle at 1:17 p.m. in the 2600 block of North Long when someone in a minivan fired shots , striking him in the chest . He was taken to Illinois Masonic Medical Center , where he was pronounced dead at 2:02 p.m , according to Chicago Police and the Cook County medical examiner ’s office . His identity has n’t been released . Another person was killed at 8:34 p.m. Friday in the South Side Bridgeport neighborhood . Officers responding to a call of shots fired in the 400 block of West 38th Place found the male with a gunshot wound to the neck , police said . He was taken to Stroger Hospital , where he died . The medical examiner ’s office did not immediately provide details about the fatality . The most recent nonfatal shooting happened about 3:50 a.m. Sunday when a man was critically wounded in the Roseland neighborhood shooting on the Far South Side . The 21-year-old was found in the driver ’s seat of a running vehicle about 3:50 a.m. in the first block of West 111th Place , according to police . He had been shot multiple times . He was taken in critical condition to Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn . Almost two hours earlier , a 21-year-old woman was grazed in a shooting in the Gage Park neighborhood on the Southwest Side . She was a passenger in a vehicle heading south about 2 a.m. in the 5200 block of South Whipple when people on the street fired shots , police said . One round flew into the vehicle , grazing the woman ’s back . The woman refused medical attention . A 25-year-old man was shot about 10:30 p.m. Saturday in the East Garfield Park neighborhood on the West Side . He was shot in the ankle in the 3800 block of West Huron , police said . He was taken in fair condition to Norwegian American Hospital . Details on the circumstances of the shooting were unknown . Just before 8 p.m. Saturday , a 20-year-old man was shot in the Marquette Park neighborhood on the Southwest Side . He was walking in the 7100 block of South Troy when he heard shots and felt pain , police said . The man showed up at Holy Cross Hospital with a gunshot wound to his foot . He was in good condition . About 20 minutes earlier , a man was shot in the Rosemoor neighborhood on the Far South Side . The 24-year-old was walking at 7:17 p.m. in the 10500 block of South Edbrooke when someone approached and fired shots , striking him in the knee , police said . He was taken to Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn , where his condition stabilized . Earlier Saturday evening , three teenage boys were wounded in a drive-by shooting in the West Side Austin neighborhood . The boys were standing on a sidewalk about 6:30 p.m. in the 5900 block of West Madison when a vehicle pulled up and someone inside opened fire , police said . A 16-year-old suffered a gunshot wound to his stomach , and a 14-year-old was shot in his arm . Both of their conditions were stabilized at Stroger Hospital . Another 16-year-old suffered a gunshot wound to his buttocks . He was taken to Loyola University Medical Center in Maywood , where his condition was also stabilized . At least six other people have been wounded in shootings across the city since Friday evening . Last weekend , seven people were killed and 36 others were wounded in city shootings over the long Thanksgiving holiday weekend .	3 Dead , 15 Wounded In Chicago Weekend Shootings
Throughout her career , Pink has been all about empowering women and inspiring them to be whatever they want to be . So it makes total sense that Pink wants to raise her daughter gender neutral . According to the Daily Mail , the 36-year-old mom and her husband Carey Hart are raising Willow , 6 years old , and 11-month-old Jameson in a " label-less household . " The impetus ? Little Willow telling her parents that she wanted to " marry an African woman . " Pink told the Sunday People of her response , " I was like : ' Great , can you teach me how to make African food ? ' And she ’s like : ‘ Sure mama , and we are going to live with you while our house is getting ready . ' " At 6 years old , it 's hard to really plan for the future , but Pink and Hart are happy to live without labels . " We are a very label-less household , " Pink said , according to her interview with Sunday People . She added that she had recently been to a school where in front of the kindergarten bathroom , there was a gender neutral sign . " I thought that was awesome . I love that kids are having this conversation , " Pink told the publication . This is n't the first time that Pink has made our hearts melt with her parenting methods . While accepting the Video Vanguard award at the MTV VMAs in August , she gave an empowering speech about beauty standards and little Willow . According to Pink 's speech , Willow came home and said that she felt like the " ugliest girl in the world " and that she looked like a " boy with long hair . " So , Pink did what any protective and obsessive mom would do — she made a PowerPoint presentation with images of all the androgynous icons she could find , like David Bowie , Janis Joplin , Prince , Annie Lennox . Then , during her speech , turned it around on Willow : Pink added : Ugh , do n't you just wish Pink would come and give you motivational speeches every morning before you get out of bed ? Pink 's body positive and inclusive messaging is more than just a good parenting move . It can have lasting effects . If Willow and Jameson do eventually grow up to identify as LGBTQ , studies have shown that family and community support means everything . LGBTQ youth are at a higher risk for depression and one third of them have attempted suicide , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , than teens who identify as straight . But those who grow up feeling accepted by their family and have support are way better off . The Family Acceptance Project has done research that links a family 's response to their LGBTQ teen to " sexual health , HIV infection , substance use , depression , suicide and well-being , " meaning that the more love and support a kid gets to be themselves , the better off they 'll be later in life . Of course , it 's way too early to know if Willow will stick to her plan when she grows up , but Pink 's plan to keep things label-less and gender neutral is a common sense approach to raising emotionally healthy kids Check out Romper 's new video series , Romper 's Doula Diaries : Watch full episodes of Romper 's Doula Diaries on Facebook Watch .	Pink Explains Why She ’s Raising Her Daughter As Gender Neutral For This Very Good Reason
Lindsey is from Florida and has worked in online and print media . Her happy place is Michaels craft store . Almost a week after announcing their engagement on November 27 , 2017 , more news about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle ’s royal wedding is starting to emerge . It ’s already been confirmed that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will wed in May 2018 at St. George ’s Chapel at Windsor Castle , which is the same chapel Princess Diana christened her youngest son . According to the Sunday Times , two familiar faces will be walking down the aisle with Meghan : Prince George and Princess Charlotte . The two pint-sized royals were recently part of their Aunt Pippa ’s wedding and are now reported to be given the roles of pageboy and bridesmaid at the next royal wedding . A spokesperson for the palace told The Times : “ The wedding will be a family event . You can expect the family to be involved . ” There is no news yet as to what roles Prince William and Duchess Kate will play at the next royal wedding . The mom-to-be will have just given birth weeks prior to the couple ’s third child . Just six short days after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle announced they ’d be getting engaged , exciting details of their wedding is starting to emerge . The pair announced they will be tying the knot in May 2018 at St. George ’s Chapel . You can expect it to be a huge family affair ! Prince William and Duchess Kate will , of course , be in attendance . Their children , Princess Charlotte and Prince George will play a special role in the nuptials . According to the Sunday Times , Princess Charlotte will be a bridesmaid in the royal wedding . Prince George will serve as a pageboy in the wedding . The two recently were included in their Aunt Pippa ’s wedding in May of 2017 . Prince Harry is no doubt excited to have his niece and nephew be part of his special day . In an interview with BBC after the news of the engagement , Prince Harry revealed Meghan has met his brother and sister-in-law on many occasions . “ Catherine ’s been absolutely amazing , as has William , as well , you know , a fantastic support , ” Prince Harry said . With the wedding only five months away , Prince Harry admitted , “ there is a hell of a stuff and work to be doing , ” as the wedding approaches . Congrats again to the happy couple !	Princess Charlotte And Prince George Will Be Bridesmaid And Page Boy At The Next Royal Wedding
Let 's get this out of the way upfront : 2017 may be one of the best years for video game releases , ever . Fans of every genre had something to play throughout the months , and plenty of games drew in players who might not otherwise have tried them . It was an embarrassment of riches , and Mike and Jake had a blast covering them over the course of 2017 . So today , on the final episode of Reboot 's second season , the duo wanted to share the games they did n't think were talked about enough . Whether because of another major title eclipsing the ones above , or contentious mechanics that rubbed some people the wrong way , we wanted to glorify the ones we personally loved.Lastly , Jake and Mike chat about their plans for Reboot Season 3 , and they want your input . So , if you have n't caught up on every previous episode , go do that here , than come back and let them know what you like , what you did n't like , and what ideas you might want to see next year . It 's been awesome , and they ca n't wait to continue building Reboot in the future .	The 6 Most Underrated Games Of 2017 - Reboot Season 2 Finale
SANAA ( AFP ) - Fresh gun battles forced shops and schools to close in Yemen 's capital Sanaa on Sunday as residents warned a three-year rebel alliance was collapsing into a " street war " . The Iran-backed Huthi rebels ' partnership with powerful ex-president Ali Abdullah Saleh appeared to have fallen apart after he reached out to a Saudi-led coalition fighting the insurgents.The Huthis ' political office on Saturday accused Saleh of staging a " coup " against " an alliance he never believed in " . On Sunday , Saleh loyalists cut off a number of streets in central Sanaa and deployed heavily in anticipation of Huthi attacks , as security sources said clashes had already left some 60 dead across the capital and at its international airport.Saleh loyalists renewed a bid to seize control of Al-Jarraf district , a stronghold of the Iran-backed Huthis , while the Huthis fortified their positions with dozens of vehicles mounted with machine guns , witnesses said.Sanaa residents said they had barricaded themselves in their homes to avoid snipers and shelling as clashes flared up around key ministries where the two sides had been working together just days before.The education ministry cancelled classes Sunday , normally the start of the school week , and witnesses said some bodies of those killed in previous clashes were still lying in the streets.Iyad al-Othmani , 33 , said he had not left his house for three days because of the clashes . Mohammed Abdullah , a private sector employee , said his street had been cut off by militiamen and he was staying home to avoid checkpoints . " Sanaa is becoming like a ghost town . There is a street war and people are holed up in their houses , " according to an activist who works with the International Organisation for Migration in Sanaa . " If the confrontation continues , many families will be cut off " and stranded in their homes , he warned . - ' Coup against our alliance ' - Three years after they joined forces to drive the government of President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi from Sanaa , the collapse of the Huthi-Saleh alliance is a key shift in Yemen 's complex war . Saleh ruled Yemen as president for 33 years after the 1990 unification of north and south Yemen.A longtime ally of Saudi Arabia , he waged six separate wars against the Huthis , Zaidi Shiites who hail from northern Yemen . Saleh resigned under popular and political pressure in 2012 , ceding power to his then-vice president Hadi , who now lives in exile in Saudi Arabia . In 2014 , Saleh announced he had joined forces with the Iran-backed Huthis , seizing the capital and setting up a parallel government as Hadi 's administration fled to Aden.That triggered a Saudi-led Arab force to intervene to prop up Hadi 's government , an escalation in a war that has since killed more than 8,750 people and dragged the country towards what the United Nations calls the world 's worst humanitarian crisis.On Saturday , Saleh reached out to the Saudi-led coalition , offering to " turn the page " if it lifts a crippling blockade on the country.The Huthis accused him of staging a " coup against our alliance " . The conflict in Yemen has been a key focus of tensions between Sunni-ruled Saudi Arabia and Iran , the predominant Shiite power . - UAE denies missile claim - The Saudi-led coalition carried out dawn air raids against Huthi positions in the hills south of Sanaa on Sunday , but it was not clear if the strikes were meant to benefit Saleh 's forces . A coalition spokesman could not immediately be reached for comment . The United Arab Emirates , which is a key member of the coalition , on Sunday denied a Huthi claim that a missile fired from Yemen reached its air space or threatened a nuclear power plant set to open in 2018 . The Huthis had earlier claimed on their Al-Masirah news channel that they had hit the Barakah plant with a cruise missile fired from Yemen.A missile fired by the Huthis which was intercepted by near Riyadh 's international airport last month prompted the coalition to tighten a blockade against Sanaa airport and rebel-held sea ports . The Huthis have warned that Saudi Arabia and its allies will " pay a heavy price in their own capitals " for Saleh 's " great treason " . faw-mou-jj-pho-atm / par/mm	Yemen rebel alliance crumbles as ' street war ' rocks capital
Top Senate Democrats said Sunday they believe special counsel Robert Mueller may be building an obstruction of justice case that could implicate President Donald Trump . In separate interviews , California Democratic Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Rep. Adam Schiff weighed in on indictments and guilty pleas already delivered in the probe of Russia interference in the 2016 election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign . “ What we ’re beginning to see is the putting together of a case of obstruction of justice , ” Feinstein , top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee , told NBC News ’ “ Meet The Press . ” “ I think we see this in the indictments … and pleas that have just taken place and some of the comments that are being made , " she added , referring to those of former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and his associate Rick Gates and charges against former national security adviser Michael Flynn and former campaign adviser Geroge Papadopoulos , who both pleaded guilty to lying . " I see it in the hyper-frenetic attitude of the White House , the comments every day , the continual tweets . And I see it most importantly in what happened with the firing of [ former ] Director [ James ] Comey , and it is my belief that that is directly because he did not agree to ‘ lift the cloud ’ of the Russia investigation . That ’s obstruction of justice . ” Trump has denied telling Comey to drop his investigation of Flynn . Schiff , the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee , told ABC ’s “ This Week ” that Flynn might tell investigators that others in Trump ’s inner circle — or even the president himself — ordered conversations with the Russians meant to undermine the Obama administration ’s sanctions . “ The more that he was involved in directing this , in being knowledgeable of it , the stronger the case of potential obstruction becomes , ” Schiff said of Trump . Sen. Mark Warner , D-Va. , the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee , told CNN ’s “ State of the Union , ” the prospect that Trump ’s decision to fire Comey could amount to obstruction of justice will likely come from Mueller . “ That 's why I think you 're going to see much more coming from the special prosecutor , ” he said .	Feinstein : Looks Like Mueller Building a ' Case of Obstruction of Justice '
The hits keep on coming . Both “ The Disaster Artist ” ( A24 ) and “ The Shape of Water ” ( Fox Searchlight ) opened strong , despite the usual strong-fall off in post-Thanksgiving audiences . Last year the month of November saw only one specialized release , “ Manchester By the Sea , ” pull an opening platform per theater average over $ 60,000 . This year has already seen five . “ The Disaster Artist ” ( in 11 markets ) showed the best performance in New York/Los Angeles of any title this year ( nearly $ 120,000 per theater ) , besting last weekend ’s numbers for “ Call Me By Your Name ” ( Sony Pictures Classics ) . They join other Oscar-bound strong openers including “ Lady Bird ” ( A24 ) and “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ” ( Fox Searchlight ) . This marks unprecedented strength over such a short period , with “ Lady Bird ” and “ Three Billboards ” already performing well in wider release . At some point exhibitors are going to be challenged to handle so many hits ( all will not go wide at the same time ) . These are good problems to have after a year of uneven art house results . Woody Allen ’s latest “ Wonder Wheel ” ( Amazon ) played at a respectable if unimpressive level , falling short of other recent openers as well as his top recent films . While the second weekend of “ Darkest Hour ” ( Focus ) fell more than the same weekend of “ Call Me , ” the World War II drama ’s hold was reasonable for a non-holiday weekend . Opening The Disaster Artist ( A24 ) – Metacritic : 76 ; Festivals include : South by Southwest , Toronto 2017 $ 1,221,000 in 19 theaters ; PTA ( per theater average ) : $ 64,254 James Franco ’s 16th feature as a director is not only his biggest yet but also the biggest specialized opener of the year . A24 opened this in 19 theaters in 11 markets , including many of the biggest general audience theaters . The result was the biggest gross in all but New York ’s Lincoln Square ( where it was bested by “ The Shape of Water ” with more seats ) and sellouts in some shows which reduced the gross . The multi-city break was a risk , but the results were stellar : among similar initial openings “ The Disaster Artist ” ranks as one of the best ever , in league with eventual Oscar-winners “ Black Swan ” ( domestic total : $ 106 million ) and “ Precious ” ( $ 47 million ) . And “ The Disaster Artist ” qualifies as the top first specialized weekend of 2017 just after “ Call Me By Your Name ” claimed the title . Its five New York/Los Angeles theaters will end up with something around a $ 120,000 per theater average , just after “ Call Me ” managed a very strong $ 103,000 last weekend . And that was a holiday with a strong Friday , while the post-holiday is usually one of the worst weekends of the year . This true-story film about Tommy Wiseau ’s DIY production of legendary bad film “ The Room ” clearly has hit an initial resonant chord beyond the specialized older audience . What comes next : A24 has a nice problem on its hands . Whatever its plans for this film , the demand from exhibitors to expand quickly will be intense , despite the heavy traffic ahead over Christmas . They likely will insist no dates without a commitment to play into next year , and also want to make sure their “ Lady Bird ” keeps its strong presence . This already has shown it has a major audience . Now the question is how they manage their success . Fox Searchlight The Shape of Water ( Fox Searchlight ) – Metacritic : 85 ; Festivals include : Venice , Telluride , Toronto 2017 $ 166,800 in 2 theaters ; PTA ( per theater average ) : $ 83,400 Guillermo Del Toro ’s latest ( acclaimed ) fantasy film ranks as his biggest initial grosser . Opening only in New York ( enabling question/answer sessions in both its initial city , then already nearly sold out Los Angeles next weekend ) , it scored a spectacular initial number , more impressive as it was competing for seats and attention with three other top early release titles at the Lincoln Square in New York . This is the second straight big opener for Fox Searchlight after “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ” as well as their second later year awards contender . They are having a great rebound after a spotty record after “ Brooklyn ” two years ago . That has changed with these two films , with their only problem how to handle two hits at once at a time when screens are at a premium . What comes next : 40 to 50 theaters in 12 total markets will play next weekend , with over 700 anticipated by Christmas . Wonder Wheel ( Amazon ) – Metacritic : 50 ; Festivals include : New York 2017 $ 140,555 in 5 theaters ; PTA ( per theater average ) : $ 28,111 Amazon ’s initial venture into hands-on distribution ( rather than partnership with major specialized companies ) is their second effort with Woody Allen after last year ’s “ Cafe Society . ” This 1950s Coney Island-set romantic drama received mediocre reviews , not helpful against highly acclaimed titles already playing in New York and Los Angeles . The initial grosses fall in the low range of Allen ’s recent films , about the same as 2015 ’s “ Irrational Man . ” What comes next : This expands to the top ten markets this Friday , with a wider nationwide play the following week . The Other Side of Hope ( Janus ) – Metacritic : 84 ; Festivals include : Berlin , Telluride , Toronto 2017 $ 17,052 in 3 theaters ; PTA ( per theater average ) : $ 5,684 Veteran Finnish director Aki Kaurismaki remains one of the few European filmmakers to get a near automatic American release . His latest , about a Syrian refugee in Helsinki , told with the usual droll style despite its serious subject , got terrific initial reviews in its initial New York/Los Angeles runs with a modest sampling similar to many subtitled releases . What comes next : Expect playoff over the next couple months in big cities . Big Time ( Abramorama/Mongrel ) $ 7,571 in 2 theaters ; PTA : $ 3,786 This documentary about acclaimed Danish architect Bjarke Ingels got a modest response in its initial dates including New York . What comes next : Documentaries about niche creative forces tend to find audiences , giving this a shot at interest around the country . Also available on Video on Demand : Love Beat Rhymes ( Lionsgate ) – $ ( est . ) 4,500 in 8 theaters Call Me By Your Name ( Sony Pictures Classics ) $ 281,280 in 4 theaters ( no change ) ; PTA : $ 70,320 ; Cumulative : $ 908,175 A drop of only 32 per cent would be impressive in the second weekend in the same initial theaters . That this acclaimed drama about a gay romance in 1980s Italy managed this despite coming after the holiday shows continued promise for this awards frontrunner . Sony Pictures Classics is expanding this more slowly than most other recent blockbuster openers , in part because it likely will benefit from maximum initial wide placement at the time of certain Oscar nominations . Other big cities will see openings by Christmas . Darkest Hour ( Focus ) “ Darkest Hour ” Jack English $ 109,000 in 4 theaters ( no change ) ; PTA : $ 27,250 ; Cumulative : $ 412,000 Also sticking to its initial four theaters , this recreation of Churchill ’s first critical days as Prime Minister managed to fall only 37 per cent after a holiday weekend . The total in most circumstances would be decent even if the anticipated film did n’t rise to the level of the five higher opening titles in recent weeks . Its expansion to 50 theaters next weekend will give a better indication of its chances of becoming a competitive player , with its appeal to older audiences critical to specialized success . The Man Who Invented Christmas ( Bleecker Street ) $ 863,053 in 674 theaters ( +48 ) ; PTA : $ 1,282 ; Cumulative : $ 3,151,000 The second weekend of the mid-level release of this Charles Dickens biopic had a respectable hold . But it comes after a weak start . The number with little else opening should be able to sustain a third week ahead in most locations . Bombshell – The Hedy Lamarr Story ( Zeitgeist/Kino Lorber ) $ 8,000 in 1 theater ; PTA : $ 8,000 ; Cumulative : $ 45,000 A decent hold for this documentary about the sex goddess star who accomplished much more in her career , though it did fall considerably from its $ 18,000 opening holiday weekend . Photo by Merie Wallace , courtesy of A24 Ongoing/expanding ( Grosses over $ 50,000 ) Lady Bird ( A24 ) Week 5 $ 4,454,000 in 1,194 theaters ( +403 ) ; Cumulative : $ 17,089,000 The Best Film and Actress wins from the New York Film Critics confirm that Greta Gerwig ’s coming-of-age film is one of the top awards contenders of the year . As it hits over 1,000 theaters for the first time , the public is with it as well . “ Lady Bird ” and “ Three Billboards ” are in the same territory and both have a long way to go . “ Lady Bird ” could soon outpace “ Moonlight ” ( $ 27.8 million ) as A24 ’s biggest-grossing film . Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri ( Fox Searchlight ) Week 4 $ 4,530,000 in 1,430 theaters ( +816 ) ; Cumulative : $ 13,671,000 Martin McDonagh ’s breakout initial success continues to thrive . It placed # 8 overall and is finding success outside just core specialized locations . Searchlight has pushed an aggressive expansion so far , which is sometimes a risk , but in this case has paid off with an already strong total that looks to grow much larger with not only the holidays and awards consideration ahead , but clear appeal to a crossover audience . Roman J. Israel , Esq . ( Sony ) Week 3 $ 1,935,000 in 1,663 theaters ( no change ) ; Cumulative : $ 9,503,000 Denzel Washington ’s turn as a crusading Los Angeles lawyer ( from the director of “ Nightcrawler ” ) has received elevated support from Sony ( including an initial platform opening ) . Its mixed reviews and intense competition in the upscale market has left it with a minor response despite playing broadly nationwide . Loving Vincent ( Good Deed ) Week 11 $ 211,071 in 161 theaters ( +14 ) ; Cumulative : $ 5,502,000 The sleeper of the specialized fall continues to find new business as it plays deep into its third month . My Friend Dahmer ( FilmRise ) Week 5 $ 140,000 in 90 theaters ( +15 ) ; Cumulative : $ 939,234 This specialized graphic novel adaptation continues to find interest in a very crowded marketplace , now just shy of $ 1 million . The Florida Project ( A24 ) Week 9 $ 129,240 in 120 theaters ( -54 ) ; Cumulative : $ 4,873,000 Now an established awards contender after Sean Baker ’s Best Director win ( as well as Willem Dafoe ’s ) from the New York Film Critics , this Orlando-set child survival drama soon will pass the $ 5 million mark . Last Flag Flying ( Lionsgate ) Week 5 $ 100,000 in 110 theaters ( +12 ) ; Cumulative : $ 816,844 Richard Linklater ’s latest , another road trip with a trio of military types from the author of “ The Last Detail , ” continues to struggle to find any interest in a period of intense competition from other specialized titles . The Square ( Magnolia ) Week 6 70-860 $ ( est . ) 70,000 in 51 theaters ( -19 ) ; Cumulative : $ ( est . ) 930,000 This Swedish comedy/drama set in an ad agency looks soon to become one of the few arthouse subtitled films this year to pass $ 1 million . Jane ( Abramorama ) Week 7 $ 73,286 in 49 theaters ( -2 ) ; Cumulative : $ 1,253,000 One of the most successful theatrical documentaries of the year continues to sustain its presence in advance of its expected run for an Oscar . Victoria &amp; Abdul ( Focus ) Week 11 $ 65,000 in 131 theaters ( -13 ) ; Cumulative : $ 22,037,000 As Focus moves on to “ The Darkest Hour ” and soon , Paul Thomas Anderson ’s “ The Phantom Thread , ” they are still dining on their specialized success with Stephen Frears ’ retelling of elderly Queen Victoria ’s friendship with an Indian servant . The Novitiate ( Sony Pictures Classics ) Week 6 $ 52,875 in 163 theaters ( +43 ) ; Cumulative : $ 468,545 Still expanding , this 1960s set nuns-in-training drama has failed to gain traction despite continued support from SPC. Also noted : The Killing of a Sacred Deer ( A24 ) – $ 40,787 in 41 theaters ; Cumulative : $ 2,192,000 The Breadwinner ( GKids ) – $ ( est . ) 37,000 in 43 theaters ; Cumulative : $ ( est . ) 103,000 1945 ( Menemsha ) – $ 33,777 in 11 theaters ; Cumulative : $ 158,289 Thelma ( The Orchard ) – $ 31,423 in 36 theaters ; Cumulative : $ 81,449 God ’s Own Country ( Goldwyn ) – $ 24,000 in 13 theaters ; Cumulative : $ 249,000 Faces Places ( Cohen ) – $ 16,105 in 13 theaters ; Cumulative : $ 520,758	Record Opener ‘ Disaster Artist ’ and ‘ The Shape of Water ’ Lead Specialty Box Office Surge
CBS 2 Meteorologist Ed Curran with the latest weather . Cardinal Cupich Travels To Puerto Rico TodayMore than two months after Hurricane Maria ravaged Puerto Rico , Chicago 's Cardinal will see the devastation firsthand at the request of Pope Francis .2 Teenagers Among 5 Seriously Hurt In Lake Shore Drive CrashAlcohol is suspected to have been a factor in the crash.Robbers Force Lake View Woman , 81 , To Drive To Bank , Withdraw MoneyTwo people approached the woman and started a conversation with her , then asked for help , police said.Gifts For GuysLifestyle expert Josh McBride visits the CBS 2 studio to discuss popular gift ideas for guys this year.CBS 2 Weather Watch ( 7 a.m. Dec. 3 , 2017 ) CBS 2 Meteorologist Ed Curran with the latest weather.Christmas Tree Ship Arrives In Chicago A US Coast Guard ship has arrived at Navy Pier with 1,200 Christmas trees for needy families.CBS 2 's Sandra Torres reportsCBS 2 Weather Watch ( 7 a.m. Dec. 3 , 2017 ) CBS 2 Meteorologist Ed Curran with the latest weather.CBS 2 Weather Watch ( 8 AM , Dec. 2 , 2017 ) CBS 2 meteorologist Ed Curran has the latest weather.CBS 2 Weather Watch ( 10 p.m. Dec. 1 , 2017 ) CBS 2 Meteorologist Mary Kay Kleist with the latest weather .	CBS 2 Weather Watch
President Trump denied any attempt to obstruct an FBI investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn on Sunday , while lawmakers said the president 's own comments raised new questions about him and the probe into Russians who interfered in last year 's presidential election . During a weekend-long series of tweets following Flynn 's guilty plea for lying to the FBI , Trump attacked the FBI in general and former Director James Comey over different aspects of the Russia investigation , including Flynn 's role . " I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn , " Trump tweeted . " Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie ! " Comey testified under oath to Congress after his dismissal that Trump asked him to go easy on Flynn . Trump further complicated matters by tweeting that he knew Flynn had lied to the FBI when he fired him . Lawmakers said that raises a possible obstruction of justice claim , given Comey 's statement that Trump had asked him to drop the Flynn investigation . " I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI . He has pled guilty to those lies . It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful . There was nothing to hide ! " the tweet read . That would mean that , if Trump did ask Comey to drop the Flynn , he did so knowing that his former aide had lied to the FBI . While Trump denied pressuring Comey , one of his lawyers said he drafted the tweet in question and made a mistake . Attorney John Dowd told USA Today that Trump did not know for sure Flynn had lied to the FBI , only that the Justice Department had raised questions about his comments regarding his contacts with the Russian ambassador . " The point of that tweet was entirely correct , " Dowd said , adding that Flynn did not need to lie about his talks with Kislyak . Sen. Mark Warner , D-Va. , top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee , told CNN he believes Comey 's testimony under oath that Trump asked him to back off Flynn . “ This president has been obsessed with this investigation , always saying there 's nothing there , " Warner told CNN 's State of the Union . " But , each week , another shoe drops , where we see more evidence of continuing outreach from Russians and some response from the Trump campaign and Trump individuals . " The back-and-forth capped a busy weekend that began when Special Counsel Robert Mueller 's team announced it had reached an agreement with Flynn , who pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak in exchange for cooperation into the ongoing investigation . As lawmakers wondered if Flynn would implicate Trump or his top aides , Trump spent the weekend denying any election-year collusion with Russia , and attacking Flynn , Comey , and the FBI investigation in general . Trump also raged about another investigation development -- the disclosure by Mueller 's office that it had removed an agent amid a review of email exchanges with a colleague that were critical of Trump . Noting that the agent , Peter Strzok , had also helped run the investigation into Hillary Clinton ’s use of a private email server , Trump suggested in one tweet that the FBI had a vendetta against him . " Now it all starts to make sense ! " he said . As for the FBI in general , Trump said : " After years of Comey , with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation ( and more ) , running the FBI , its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History ! But fear not , we will bring it back to greatness . " Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-Calif. , top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee , told NBC 's Meet The Press she believes Trump fired Comey because the FBI director " did not agree to lift the cloud of the Russia investigation -- that ’s obstruction of justice . " Others called that assessment premature . Michael Mukasey , an attorney general under Republican President George W. Bush , noted to ABC News that Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI , a relatively minor charge that has nothing to do with Russia election collusion . " A lot of the heavy breathing and a lot of the speculation " surrounding the Flynn guilty plea " is completely unwarranted , " Mukasey told ABC 's This Week . Other analysts said Mueller allowed Flynn to plead to a lesser charge in exchange for his cooperation . The special counsel 's investigation centers on Russia 's efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election by hacking Democratic Party emails and pushing fake news about Trump opponent Hillary Clinton . Legal documents filed by Mueller 's office said a senior member of the Trump transition team asked Flynn to reach out to officials from other countries , including Russia , about a United Nations resolution condemning Israel . There is also evidence that Trump officials knew that Flynn would speak to the Russians about sanctions the Obama administration put on Russia over its election interference . The New York Times reported that Trump aide K. T. McFarland wrote in an internal email that the Obama team imposed the sanctions to discredit Trump 's election victory and make it harder to ease tensions with Russia because it " has just thrown the U.S.A. election to him . " Rep. Adam Schiff , D-Calif. , the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , told ABC 's This Week that Flynn " was acting with the knowledge and at the direction of people who were senior members of the transition team , " perhaps even the president himself . " The more that ( Trump ) was involved in directing this , in being knowledgeable of it , " Schiff said , " I think the stronger the potential case of obstruction becomes . ” More : FBI agent assigned to Russia investigation removed after anti-Trump texts More : Flynn 's plea deal puts Mueller inside Trump 's inner circle with a message : ' We 're coming for you '	Trump denies asking FBI director to go easy on Flynn
The College Football Playoff field is set . Clemson is the No . 1 seed and will play No . 4 Alabama in the Sugar Bowl . Oklahoma is the No . 2 seed and will face No . 3 Georgia in the Rose Bowl . The Tigers enter as the defending champions after crushing Miami ( Fla. ) in the ACC title game . The Crimson Tide beat out Big Ten champion Ohio State for the final spot despite not winning its SEC division . WOLKEN : Committee got it wrong by picking Alabama SUGAR BOWL PREVIEW : Clemson , Alabama meet for third year in a row ROSE BOWL PREVIEW : Oklahoma 's offense faces test from Georgia 's defense BOWL SCHEDULE : A complete look at the postseason lineup Its the first time two teams from the same conference have made the field . It 's also the second consecutive season a team that did not play in a conference championship game was selected . “ As we saw Alabama play week in and week in out , the selection committee believed Alabama was the better football team , ” College Football Playoff committee chairman Kirby Hocutt after the announcement . “ When we looked at Ohio State , when you looked at their resume it was impressive but it was n’t enough for the selection committee to place them in above Alabama . " We do n't look at conference affiliation . We look at the four best teams . " While Ohio State had more quality wins , including defeats of Penn State and Wisconsin , the Buckeyes also lost by 15 to Oklahoma and 31 to Iowa this season . Alabama 's lone loss was to No . 7 Auburn on the road . Ohio State coach Urban Meyer noted the loss to the Hawkeyes loomed large in the end . " I was kind of hoping we would get credit for the quality wins , " Meyer said . " I get it . Move forward . " This will be the third consecutive meeting in the playoff between Clemson and Alabama . They played in the last two championship games with the Tide winning in 2015 and the Tigers winning in 2016 . The Sooners and Bulldogs both clinched their spots with respective conference championship game victories in the Big 12 and SEC . The two teams have never played . It will be a matchup of the top-ranked offense against one of the best defenses as Sooners quarterback Baker Mayfield , the expected Heisman winner , tries to solve the Bulldogs , who are in fourth in total defense and second in passing yards allowed . Clemson , Oklahoma and Alabama are all making repeat appearances in the field . The trio along with Ohio State have accounted for 11 of the 16 berths in the four years of the systems . This the first time Georgia has been selected . Both of the semifinal games will be played on Jan. 1 . The winners will meet in the College Football Playoff championship game on Jan. 8 in Atlanta . The complete College Football Playoff rankings 1 . Clemson ( 12-1 ) 2 . Oklahoma ( 12-1 ) 3 . Georgia ( 12-1 ) 4 . Alabama ( 11-1 ) 5 . Ohio State ( 10-2 ) 6 . Wisconsin ( 12-1 ) 7 . Auburn ( 10-3 ) 8 . Southern California ( 11-2 ) 9 . Penn State ( 10-2 ) 10 . Miami ( Fla. ) ( 10-2 ) 11 . Washington ( 10-2 ) 12 . Central Florida ( 12-0 ) 13 . Stanford ( 9-4 ) 14 . Notre Dame ( 9-3 ) 15 . TCU ( 10-3 ) 16 . Michigan State ( 9-3 ) 17 . LSU ( 9-3 ) 18 . Washington State ( 9-3 ) 19 . Oklahoma State ( 9-3 ) 20 . Memphis ( 10-2 ) 21 . Northwestern ( 9-3 ) 22 . Virginia Tech ( 9-3 ) 23 . Mississippi State ( 8-4 ) 24 . North Carolina State ( 8-4 ) 25 . Boise State ( 10-3 ) IMAGES FROM CHAMPIONSHIP WEEKEND IN COLLEGE FOOTBALL	College Football Playoff field is set : Alabama joins Clemson , Oklahoma and Georgia
A high-profile Visa executive has reportedly been fired for violating an unnamed company policy . The executive , Jim McCarthy , was responsible for inking strategic partnerships with tech companies such as Apple , Google and PayPal . The tech site Recode , which was the first to report the firing , published a portion of a memo McCarthy ’s boss , visa president Ryan McInerney , sent to the Visa staff : “ Jim is an 18-year veteran of Visa and has contributed much to our company over the years … However , in response to information that recently came to our attention , we determined that Jim had violated Visa policy . We can not ignore behavior — at any level — that runs counter to our leadership principles and culture . ” It was not immediately clear what policy McCarthy violated , or if it was related in way to the sexual misconduct accusations that have claimed well known personalities across media , business and entertainment . Neither he nor anyone from Visa responded to a USA TODAY request for comment . More : IBM and Visa want you to pay from your car McCarthy was most recently Visa 's executive vice president of innovation and strategic partnerships . He has been at the forefront of Visa 's various initiatives in mobile payments and in finding fresh ways for consumers to pay in everything from connected cars to running shoes . Email : ebaig@usatoday.com ; Follow USA TODAY Personal Tech Columnist @edbaig on Twitter	Senior Visa executive fired for violating unnamed company policy
“ We ’ll take the next train . ”“ Do n’t you have classes ? ” He raised his shoulders . “ Cancelled . ” She was not expecting an answer , just the money for the ticket . She frowned when he took too much time to take his wallet out of his pocket . “ Here you go ” , he said nervously.She was not listening . She just took the money and waited for the next customer.Giacomo and Maria headed towards their train . “ Where are we going ? ”“ Perugia ” Giacomo woke up at 8:00 , just like any other day . He had breakfast and got ready for his classes . He tried his best to stay focused on whatever the professor was saying , from 10:00 till 12:00 . Then , he would have a one-hour break before his next class would begin . He would only be a free man at 6:00 PM.Today , freedom would n’t wait . “ Maria , let ’s go somewhere ” . “ Now ? ”“ Now . ” They sat by the window and watched the world move backwards . Giacomo was missing his finance and banking class . Gladly . “ How far is Perugia anyway ” . “ Two hours ” . “ You heard about the guy who skipped class and went to Oslo ? ”“ A living legend ” . She nodded in agreement.Perugia is a historic town in the north of Rome but they did n’t care much about it . Today was about being spontaneous . They spent the afternoon exploring the town . They walked around the old city and found their way towards the center . There was a chocolate salon — today was their lucky day . They visited as many booths as they could , trying various kinds of chocolates . Giacomo kept on checking his watch . Not because he was anxious to go back or because he felt guilty for skipping . He just wanted to compare his current situation with what it would be like to be in class . It was a fairly easy thing to do because nothing out of the ordinary happened back at university . The only difference weekdays had between each other were how close ( or how far ) they were from the weekend.Surely , he ca n’t have white chocolate strawberries every day instead of his finance and banking lecture but breaking the routine every now and then has its perks.They found a small restaurant that served pasta with truffle and decided to end the evening there . “ I can get used to this , you know ” . That was exactly why next time — if there would be a next time — they would go somewhere else . Wherever the next train would take them.Giacomo is finishing his studies in Rome . He occasionally skips class and has done a lot of exploring … meaning that he has lots of stories to tell . — Written by Lama —	Unplanned Adventures Work Best
In between random bouts of crying and catching myself staring off into the distance , I have n’t been able to shake the funk Grandma ’s death has left on me.The overpowering need to cry is paralyzing sometimes and the emotions are too raw . This is n’t my first death , but it is the first death that ’s affected me this deeply . So deep it ’s unlocked a few boxes I ’ve had cemented shut for a decade ( at least ) . For as long as I can remember , I ’ve been somewhat angry at my mother and at this moment the details do n’t matter . Some of my anger is justified and some of it not.I have n’t lived near family ( or had a true blue friend ) for a long time , many miles and time zones separate us and if you would ’ve asked me a month ago , I would ’ve told you it was better that way — being alone felt like the best option , no family drama or obligation.Then I flew to Buffalo to put my Grandmother to rest and saw everyone I had n’t seen for years . It felt comfortable , relatively welcoming and nice to “ be home , ” but that same outsider feeling slowly crept through my skin , cryptically at first and more loudly a few weeks later.I had prepared to give Grandma ’s eulogy , but not for the emotional aftermath of seeing family I had ’ t seen in six long years.While writing Grandma ’s eulogy ( which was its own heart-wrenching journey ) I came to the conclusion Grandma tried her best . We did n’t have the relationship I wanted and could rattle off a number of instances she handled poorly throughout my childhood , but despite all of her shortcomings and the long distance between us , she still showed up and it took her dying and my responsibility to give the eulogy to reflect on her.And that bit makes me sick with guilt.The grieving process is different for everyone , but her death has leaked into family truths I ’ve been outrunning for a long time and it ’s hard to put Pandora back in her box.I ’m left emotionally raw , confused and uncertain how to heal .	Trapped In My Mind
LEONID SLUTSKY has left his post as Hull boss by mutual consent following the Tiger 's awful start to the season . The Russian boss only took control of the side in the summer , but after just four wins in 20 games , the Russian has departed the KCOM Stadium . Ed SykesHull currently sit 20th in the Championship table , and are without a win in five games , recently drawing 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday on Saturday . Speaking to the club 's website , Slutsky said : " I would like to really thank everyone associated with Hull City from the players and staff to the owner and especially the fans . “ I am very proud to have been through this experience , it was challenging but a very exciting time for me . " Hull City will always be a part of my heart and I wish the team all the very best for the future . ” He has left the club along with the Tigers ' head of club strategy Oleg Yarovinsky . Hull vice-chairman Ehab Allam thanked the Russian for his services in his short reign , he said : " Leonid has worked tirelessly in his role and has acted with complete honour and been a pleasure to work with . " Unfortunately results have not improved as both parties would have hoped and therefore it was agreed for the relationship to come to an end . " I would like to thank Leonid and Oleg for their efforts here and sincerely wish them well for the future . "	Leonid Slutsky has left Hull by mutual consent after the Tigers ’ disastrous start in the Championship
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan declared Sunday that businessmen who move assets abroad are committing " treason " , adding that his government should put an end to the practice . " I am aware that some businessmen are attempting to place their assets overseas . I call on the government not to authorise any such moves , because these are acts of treason , " Erdogan said in televised comments to party members in the eastern town on Mus.The Turkish president did not name names , but his comments came two days after Turkish prosecutors ordered the seizure of assets of a gold trader testifying in a New York trial against a Turkish banker accused of violating US sanctions against Iran.The Istanbul public prosecutor said the assets of Reza Zarrab and his family would be confiscated as part of a probe , the state Anadolu news agency said.The Hurriyet daily said the order affected Zarrab and 22 others , including his daughter with Turkish pop star Ebru Gundes.The trader on Thursday implied in testimony that Erdogan knew how he and defendant Mehmet Hakan Atilla , deputy chief executive of Turkish lender Halkbank , had dodged sanctions.He told the court he was informed that in 2012 , then prime minister Erdogan and then treasury minister Ali Babacan had given " instructions " for two other Turkish public banks , Vakif and Ziraat , to take part in the scheme.There are fears in Turkey that a guilty verdict in the Zarrab case could lead to possible sanctions on one or more Turkish banks , spelling bad news for the country 's fragile economy.Ankara has accused the trial of being a " conspiracy " and suggested the American judiciary is seeking to corner Turkey politically and economically.Erdogan on Sunday described the ongoing trial in the United States as an " attempt at blackmail " to which " we will not submit " .	Moving assets abroad is act of treason : Turkish president
NEW YORK ( AP ) — In a sleepy post-Thanksgiving weekend at the box office , Pixar 's " Coco " remained the top film for the second straight week while a number of Oscar contenders packed theaters in specialty release . " Coco " again easily led all films with $ 26.1 million in the U.S. and Canada , according to studio estimates Sunday . The acclaimed animated tale based on the Mexican holiday Dia de los Muertos ( Day of the Dead ) has dominated new releases both domestically and abroad . It has already racked up a global gross of $ 280 million , including record-breaking totals in Mexico and an impressive $ 75.6 million in China.With no major wide releases , Warner Bros. ' " Justice League " also held in second place with $ 16.6 million in its third weekend . With a domestic total of $ 197.3 million in three weeks , the DC Comics superhero team-up release is n't going to catch Marvel 's " Thor Ragnarok . " The better-received " Thor " sequel has proved far mightier , with nearly $ 300 million in five weeks of release.The family film " Wonder , " about a fifth-grade boy ( Jacob Tremblay ) with facial abnormalities , likewise stayed in third with $ 12.5 million . The sleeper hit of the season , also starring Julia Roberts and Owen Wilson , has taken in $ 88 million in three weeks for Lionsgate.Among new releases , most successful was James Franco 's " The Disaster Artist . " The comedy opened with $ 1.2 million on 19 screens , good for a per-screen average of $ 64,254 . The film , directed by and starring Franco , is about the making of the infamously bad cult movie " The Room . " With most studios staying clear ahead of the impending release of " Star Wars : The Last Jedi " ( which some forecasts peg for a $ 200-million debut ) , much of the weekend 's action was with awards-season releases . They helped drive the weekend to the biggest post-Thanksgiving weekend in five years , according to comScore.Greta Gerwig 's " Lady Bird , " which spent the week collecting honors from the New York Film Critics Circle , the Gotham Awards and the National Board of Review , added 403 theaters , for a total of 1,194 . The A24 release , starring Saoirse Ronan and Laurie Metcalf , earned $ 4.5 million , bringing its total to $ 17.1 million.Fox Searchlight 's " The Shape of Water , " an acclaimed monster-movie fantasy from director Guillermo del Toro , opened in two New York theaters with $ 167,000 . ( The $ 83,400 per-screen average ranks as among the best of the year . ) Searchlight 's " Thee Billboards Outside of Ebbing , Missouri , " also expanded to 1,630 screens and grossed $ 4.5 million . The Frances McDormand-led film has grossed $ 13.7 million.The coming-of-age tale " Call Me By Your Name , " which topped the Gotham Awards on Monday , remained in very limited release — four theaters — and pulled in an excellent per-screen average of $ 67,000 . The Sony Pictures Classics last weekend debuted with the highest screen-average of the year . The film 's young star , Timothee Chalamet , has emerged as one the leading best-actor contenders.Also of note : Woody Allen 's latest , " Wonder Wheel , " opened with $ 140,555 in five theaters ; Focus Feature 's Winston Churchill biopic " Darkest Hour " took in $ 106,000 in four theaters ; and the 20th anniversary release of " Titanic " grossed $ 415,000 in 87 theaters.Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Sunday at U.S. and Canadian theaters , according to comScore . Where available , the latest international numbers for Friday through Sunday are also included . Final domestic figures will be released Monday .1 . " Coco , " $ 26.1 million ( $ 69 million international ) .2 . " Justice League , " $ 16.6 million .3 . " Wonder , " $ 12.5 million .4 . " Thor : Ragnarok , " $ 9.7 million .5 . " Daddy 's Home 2 , " $ 7.5 million .6 . " Murder on the Orient Express , " $ 6.7 million .7 . " Lady Bird , " $ 4.5 million .8 . " Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri , " $ 4.5 million .9 . " The Star , " $ 4 million .10 . A Bad Moms Christmas , " $ 3.5 million . __ Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at : http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP	' Coco ' tops box office for second straight week with $ 26.1 M
Soon after SoundCloud launched in late 2008 , Wired magazine noted its rapid gain on the dominant Myspace platform in winning “ the hearts and minds of recording artists eager to interact more nimbly with fans ” ( 2009 , Buskirk ) . SoundCloud ’s flexibility — with better distribution across multiple platforms , easy audio file uploads in any size and in an array of formats , the ability to share files publicly or privately , and the relatively low commitment in uploading a work in progress to gauge feedback — contributed to its growing following among musicians . Among fans , multiple platforms , from Twitter to search engines to blogs , led them to the SoundCloud environment where they could stream or download artist interviews and studio or field recordings . At the start , the underlying information architecture served the needs of artists who wanted creative collaboration between other artists , industry folk , and fans , and who needed agile and inexpensive channels of distribution.We think of information architecture ( IA ) as a way of connecting people to the content they seek and even to the content they did n’t know they wanted . However , IA begins with creators and curators who want to facilitate the distribution of content to seekers . IA is n’t new ; while digital IA relies on conventions of content organization , navigation , and distribution beyond its platform ; books rely on the same principles . Books possess organizational conventions — words , sentences , and paragraphs ; sequential pages , turning from recto to verso . One may navigate a book with the help of a table of contents or an index . Finally , books may have a life beyond their original platforms — catalogued in libraries , referred and responded to in other books , successive editions , or even audio recordings on digital platforms such as SoundCloud.Publishing in the west has a long history of technological disruption . In Plato ’s Phaedrus , Socrates debates the merits of speech vs. writing — a traditional form of communication vs. a technological innovation by which the words break free of the barriers of time and place . When Johannes Gutenberg ’s moveable type press made written words more widely available , he disrupted the publishing business by which some monasteries supported themselves through wealthy patrons ’ commissions for transcribed books and thereby laid the foundation for nearly universal literacy at an affordable price . Further , the market for printed materials expanded beyond its focus on bibles , psalters and ancient pagan classics , leading to distribution of more diverse genres : scientific treatises , poetry and drama , dictionaries , and eventually journalism and novels.Similarly , the recording industry facilitated the development and distribution of many musical genres previously confined to specific cultural enclaves . For aspiring musicians , new avenues of self-publishing have moved beyond the gatekeepers at a music label or the costly studio self-releases of yesteryear to digital audio files of music and podcasts . Accessible and inexpensive digital publishing channels , such as SoundCloud , have removed some of the barriers to distribution ; moreover , music and podcasts that appeal to limited markets may have more opportunities for publication and may build markets where none existed before . Smith and Telang cite artists who have digitally self-published , building their own markets through online communities of listeners , and who are now courted by the traditional music industry which initially rejected them ( 2016 , p. 74 ) . ContentSoundCloud ’s IA has always had as its core data an audio file , music or not , that can be uploaded in just about any format , which is then transcoded to MP3 at 128 kbit/s for streaming purposes ( 2013 , Bryant ) . Auxiliary information , added by creators or built into the architecture of the site , allows fans to access the content and to discover appealing content . An efficient and intuitive access and discovery process depends on recognizable patterns.In addition to the audio file , key information makes content searchable : creator , title , genre , tags , and description . After creators sign in and upload an audio file , they incorporate this searchable content by filling in a form.Beyond the audio track , the signed-in creator and the title are the only required pieces of information . Searchability and discovery can be enhanced with other features . The pull-down Genre menu provides a wide range of music and audio varieties . Because SoundCloud provides these specific options , the file can easily be categorized and searched for in a recognizable , standardized genre ; SoundCloud will also recommend new tracks to listeners who favor particular genres . However , for those creators who care to risk obscurity or simply prefer to define their own genres , SoundCloud offers an opportunity to customize this category.For those files that cross genres or other characteristics , additional tags may be listed including genre ; tags unique to certain events , memes , or people ; or mood . For instance , a search on SoundCloud with the tags #happy #jazz turned up 62 options that a listener can explore . SoundCloud Reviews points outyou must always , always , tag it properly . This helps SoundCloud ’s recommendation system suggest you to the right listeners . You also need to tag your tracks right in order to qualify for charts — which can boost your visibility by a mile ( 2017 ) . Furthermore , a description written with care can boost search engine optimization , making it more likely that those searching outside of SoundCloud will be led to the platform . Finally , an intriguing image can attract listeners who are browsing.PatternAll of this content must be either searchable or discoverable . While traditional books contain a lot of information , searching and discovering methods are not very agile . Even when the book has a table of contents and/or an index , or unless the reader has kept exceptionally detailed notes , retrieving or finding information can be an exercise in frustration . With print books , the means of discovery were somewhat haphazard with uneven results ; discovery occurred when one print source mentioned another or as a patron wandered the stacks in the library — pleasureable but not efficient.Tagging and markup provide information and structures that indicate what a collection of information is , and it cracks open wide our previous expectations for searchability and discoverability when we approach a source of information . Nonetheless , markup grew out of our traditional ways of organizing information , and conventions such as scale and proportion , where information that helps us perform basic functions or to understand taxonomy is more prominent . The publisher ’s logo and navigation bar — a digital table of contents — is consistent from page to page . In the screenshot above , the name of the track — like a title on its page — is the most prominent verbiage , followed by the name of the creator , and the primary genre . As for graphics , the large , square image recalls printed album covers ; the waveform — the core content — is prominent and stands in its own ground . The play button uses contrast and size to draw attention to its function . A picture of the creator is also prominent , with commenters ’ profile pictures less so . Seamlessly meeting the user ’s expectations is the goal of user-centered information architecture ; consistent architecture gives users confidence in a site : Our goal is repeatability , predictability , and consistency in the display to help reassure and contextualize the content into larger themes . — Michael DainTo ensure repeatability , predictability and consistency , SoundCloud uses markup to format and provide consistent functionality to a page . The page above uses quite a bit of traditional markup : However , the page also includes a range of resources , from fonts to extra scripts that influence the design of the page , an increasingly important flexibility as website design evolves . For instance , here you can directions to use particular style sheets : The second refers to a particular style sheet , just as print publishers use to specify fonts , print sizes , etc . : InformationOnce uploaded , the audio files are represented in waveforms . From the start , SoundCloud supported collaboration and innovation by facilitating the ability of artists to gather and use information . For instance , an early version of their website touted , For every track you send or receive you can start a conversation at any point in the track by putting in a timed comment anywhere in the waveform . Very simple . Very effective ( 2008 , SoundCloud ) . This signature method of encouraging feedback from fans and collaborators remains largely unchanged from 2008 to 2017 , as a comparison of these two tracks demonstrate : Every creator has access to basic statistics that track activity over time , even granular information such as the totals for each day ; however , subscribers to SoundCloud Pro or Pro Unlimited can see more sophisticated information such as top countries or cities , who played the most — plays , likes , comments , reposts , and downloads , as well as website and app referrals.As SoundCloud evolved , it organized and provided access to information that accommodates listeners ’ ability to search and discover . In 2012 , SoundCloud introduced a redesigned website with new features that addressed the needs of listeners . Martin Bryant ( 2013 ) of The Next Web characterized the redesigned site : What we ’re seeing today is the maturation of a product that has quickly grown from a handy collaboration and sharing tool for musicians and DJs into the de facto online audio sharing platform.In 2014 , SoundCloud redesigned their mobile apps for iOS and Android ; the users of the mobile apps were clearly listeners rather than creators , so the need to access certain types of information shifted . The home page allowed users to find tracks that automatically surfaced based on listener history ; the search function allowed users to find tracks to their taste ; and easy access to listeners ’ likes and playlists took priority over collaboration and an easy-to-upload interface ( Evenson ) . Over time , SoundCloud standardized genre tags creators use in order to promote a coherent taxonomy for listeners ’ ability to search . For instance , the primary tag of the 2008 example above is #Groovy , not a tag that has a universal understanding . A better-defined taxonomy facilitates listener discovery in two ways : 1 ) it allows alogrithms to suggest tracks that individual listeners may enjoy based on their listening history and subscriptions , and 2 ) it makes it possible for listeners to browse familiar artists or genres as well as genres with which they may be unfamiliar . For instance , as a listener , I can go to Charts and explore the top 50 tracks or the new and hot in Trip Hop this week . I can also access the Discover tab to find undiscovered tracks similar to my listening history.KnowledgeWhile SoundCloud ’s core data has remained the same , the focus of patterns that allow and encourage use of that information shifted from meeting the needs of creators for collaboration , feedback and distribution to providing listeners with a better ability to search and discover content . Since the site redesign in 2012 until this year , most SoundCloud development centered on new ways to use the core content to enhance the listener experience of search and discovery.Originally , SoundCloud creators , DJs and curators used the platform to distribute content and to enter into dialogue with collaborators and listeners . Creators could easily provide enriched content , well beyond album liner notes , and ask for specific kinds of feedback . Such connections build fan loyalty and result in creative innovation — dialogic relationships and input that tend to enrich content rather than dilute it . Additionally , the statistics provided information on who is listening , liking , and sharing a creator ’s content . All of this organization of the content contributed by listeners and collaborators potentially leads to knowledge applicable to creativity and , ultimately , artistic wisdom.Once SoundCloud secured a reliable pool of content providers , their focus shifted to how listeners could access , search , and discover the core content . Despite this refocus , there seems to be quite a thriving industry of those who want to redesign SoundCloud , nearly all of them from the listener perspective.Nonetheless , in the face of SoundCloud ’s slipping popularity , it seems that the pendulum is swinging back to how the data can serve creators . There have been changes in leadership and changes in the vision for the platform . CEO Alex Ljung was removed as CEO and replaced with former Vimeo CEO Kerry Trainor . Co-founder and COO Eric Wahlforss was succeeded by Michael Weissman , also formerly of Vimeo . Ljung will stay on with SoundCloud as chairman of the board and Wahlforss as chief product officer . Fast Company notes that CEO Trainorplans to focus much of his effort , at least initially : on creators , rather than on doubling down on subscriptions ( 2017 , Titlow ) . Just this week , SoundCloud added new features for creators such as private sharing and playback on mobile devices using the SoundCloud app . There is wisdom in understanding that without the information that results in high quality content from creators , listeners will seek other platforms no matter how intuitive the interface for listeners.ReferencesBryant , M. ( 2013 , March 11 ) . SoundCloud Launches Simplified , Cheaper Pro Plans and Embraces Brands . Retrieved November 25 , 2017 , from https://thenextweb.com/insider/2013/03/11/soundcloud/Buskirk , E. V. ( 2009 , July 06 ) . SoundCloud Threatens MySpace as Music Destination for Twitter Era . Retrieved November 25 , 2017 , from https://www.wired.com/2009/07/soundcloud-threatens-myspace-as-music-destination-for-twitter-era/Dain , M ( 2017 ) . Information Architecture . Northwestern University . Retrieved November 25 , 2017 , from https://canvas.northwestern.edu/courses/64401Evensen , M. N. ( n.d. ) . Building SoundCloud . Retrieved December 01 , 2017 , from https://michaelevensen.com/Smith , M. D. , &amp; Telang , R. ( 2016 ) . Streaming , Sharing , Stealing : Big Data and the Future of Entertainment . Cambridge , MA : MIT Press.Soundcloud . ( 2008 , August 01 ) . Sending &amp; receiving music should be easy . Retrieved November 25 , 2017 , from http://web.archive.org/web/20080801170723/http://soundcloud.com:80/tour/SoundCloud Reviews . ( 2017 , May 18 ) . 8 Tips to Getting More out of SoundCloud | SoundCloud Reviews . Retrieved November 25 , 2017 , from http://soundcloudreviews.org/8-tips-getting-soundcloud/Titlow , J. P. ( 2017 , October 04 ) . SoundCloud gives artists more data while its new CEO shifts focus to creators . Retrieved December 02 , 2017 , from https://www.fastcompany.com/40475283/soundcloud-gives-artists-more-data-while-its-new-ceo-shifts-focus-to-creatorsSoundCloud basic info form requests key information.SoundCloud pull-down genre memo offers standard and custom options.Example of the individual track referenced in Basic Info above.SoundCloud resources for track page .2008 version of individual SoundCloud track .2017 version of individual SoundCloud track .	SoundCloud : From Core Content to Creative Innovation
Washington ( AFP ) - A top Republican lawmaker warned Sunday that the United States moves closer to preemptive war with North Korea every time Pyongyang carries out a missile or nuclear test.North Korea 's test launch this week of an intercontinental ballistic missile has sent tensions soaring once again on the Korean peninsula , after a two month lull . " If there 's an underground nuclear test , then you need to get ready for a very serious response by the United States , " Senator Lindsey Graham said on CBS ' " Face the Nation . " His remarks echoed those of National Security Advisor HR McMaster , who told a security forum in Washington on Saturday that the potential for war with North Korea " is increasing every day . " The United States has demanded tougher international sanctions , including cuts in oil shipments to the isolated state , but both McMaster and Graham suggested that the risk of war is growing despite the diplomatic efforts . " We are in a race to be able to solve this problem , " said McMaster . " This would be the most destabilizing development I think in the post World War II period.It 's something that places us at direct risk but places the world at risk . " Graham , a foreign policy hawk , said he has had extensive discussions with the Trump administration about the situation.The administration 's policy , he said , is " to deny North Korea the capability to hit America with a nuclear-tipped missile.Not to contain it . " " Denial means preemptive war as a last resort.That preemption is becoming more likely as their technology matures.Every missile test , every underground test of a nuclear weapon , means the marriage is more likely . " I think we 're really running out of time.The Chinese are trying , but ineffectively , " he said.Beijing has backed a slew of sanctions that include bans on imports of North Korean coal , iron ore and seafood.The UN also barred the hiring of North Korean guest workers and capped exports of refined petroleum products.But China has refused to turn off its pipeline shipping crude to North Korea.North Korea has boasted -- and western experts agree -- that the missile tested on Wednesday is capable of reaching the United States.In September , it conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test.It is unclear whether it has succeeded in making nuclear warheads small enough to be put atop a missile .	US lawmaker : likelihood of ' preemptive war ' with North Korea grows
Hammuriyeh ( Syria ) ( AFP ) - A wave of Syrian air strikes on Sunday killed at least 25 civilians and wounded dozens across the besieged rebel enclave of Eastern Ghouta near Damascus , a monitor said.The deadliest raids hit the town of Hammuriyeh , killing 17 civilians including six children , the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.Other air strikes on the towns of Arbeen , Beit Sawa , Harasta and Misraba killed eight civilians.The Observatory said at least 75 people were wounded and the death toll was likely to rise given the critical wounds suffered by dozens of people.In Hammuriyeh , an AFP photographer saw men carrying the body of a victim wrapped in a blue blanket across a rubble-littered street , a shoeless foot sticking out.The strikes appeared to hit a modest residential neighbourhood , smashing a small convenience store and caking a vegetable stand in a layer of dust.Victims were taken to a nearby clinic where doctors could be seen treating a man wincing from a gash above his knee.In another room , the lifeless soot-covered body of a boy lay in a pool of blood.Eastern Ghouta , one of the last remaining rebel strongholds in Syria , has been under a heavy government siege since 2013 that has caused drastic food and medical shortages.An estimated 400,000 people still live in the enclave , and the United Nations has warned that hundreds are at risk of death if they are not evacuated for urgent medical treatment.The area is one of four " de-escalation zones " agreed earlier this year by regime allies Russia and Iran and rebel backer Turkey aimed at curbing violence across war-ravaged Syria.Syria 's government agreed last week to a ceasefire in the region to coincide with the resumption of UN-led peace talks in Geneva.But heavy bombardment of the opposition enclave near the capital has resumed , with another 11 civilians killed on Saturday.The Observatory said Sunday 's deaths took the number of civilians killed in regime bombardment of Eastern Ghouta to at least 191 , including 43 children , in nearly three weeks.More than 340,000 people have been killed in Syria since the conflict began in March 2011 with anti-government protests .	Air raids in Syria kill 25 civilians : monitor
COLUMBIA , S.C. ( AP ) — Duke coach Joanne P. McCallie knew her team had to find a way to stop South Carolina 's All-American A'ja Wilson . But then she saw Wilson 's new frontcourt mate , Alexis Jennings , on video before Sunday 's game.Jennings scored 21 points and had 10 rebounds — eight of them on the offensive end — taking pressure off the Blue Devils as they tried to stop Wilson in a 72-52 win for the No . 5 Gamecocks ( 8-1 ) . " It was sort of sobering watching the film preparing for this game , " McCallie said of seeing Jennings play . " She 's got tremendous value for South Carolina . She 's really stepping up quickly.The game plan for No . 14 Duke ( 6-2 ) was made even simpler after injuries to two senior South Carolina guards . Duke packed it in , doubling Wilson and daring someone else to beat them.Wilson still got her points . The senior scored 18 and pulled down 11 rebounds to start another double-double streak . The Gamecocks scored 54 of their 72 points in the paint and limited themselves to 12 turnovers , stopping much of Duke 's transition game . " We could have easily said we do n't have this person and that person and felt sorry for ourselves . But we did n't , " Gamecocks coach Dawn Staley said.The Blue Devils kept it close in the first quarter and trailed 21-16 after a 3-point play by Lexie Brown . But after Jennings followed a Wilson miss with a score , Duke never got closer than seven the rest of the way.South Carolina 's defense also did its job , holding the normally sure-shooting Blue Devils to just 38 percent ( 22 of 58 ) from the field , well below their 46 percent average this season . Duke came in eighth in the nation shooting 44 percent on 3-pointers but made only 1 of 10 from behind the arc.COMING TOGETHERThe biggest question for South Carolina was would there be enough help for Wilson . She was only one of two returning starters from the national championship team.But a pair of transfers — Jennings from Kentucky and Lindsey Spann from Penn State — has come through to keep the Gamecocks among the elite.They also have fit in with South Carolina 's chemistry . Wilson smiled after Sunday 's game and said she was glad she did n't have to play Jennings again at Kentucky , evoking a wide-eyed reaction . " We are a pretty close-knit group , " Staley said . " They really get along with each other . " DEVILING DEFENSEDuke senior guard Rebecca Greenwell came into Sunday 's game needing two 3-pointers to become the Blue Devils all-time leader in 3s . She left the game still needing those two treys.Staley put freshman Bianca Jackson on Greenwell , who missed both her 3-pointers and scored just eight points , well below her 17-point-a game average . " They were definitely right up in our guards ' grills today , " senior center Erin Mathias said.BIG PICTUREDuke : The Blue Devils starting backcourt of Brown and Greenwell averaged more than 36 points a game coming in . But they combined for only 21 points on Sunday . Duke was able to hang with South Carolina in the first quarter by shooting 46 percent . But then the shots stopped falling . Duke now has five games against lesser opponents to get ready for Atlantic Coast Conference play.South Carolina : With Spann nursing a sprained knee and typical starter Bianca Cuevas-Moore still out with her own knee problems , this seemed like a trap for the Gamecocks . But good shooting and ball movement made this an easier-than-expected win . If the defending national champions get this kind of play most nights , they will be in the mix again in March . " By far the best 40 minutes we have put together , " Staley said.UP NEXTDuke : The Blue Devils start a five-game homestand with a Thursday game against UNC-Greensboro . South Carolina : The Gamecocks host College of Charleston on Tuesday before a 12-day break for exams .	No . 5 S Carolina frontcourt shines , beats No . 14 Duke 72-52
BT faces mounting pressure from regulators , rivals and its telecoms provider customers to cut the price of ultra-fast broadband services proposed by its network subsidiary Openreach.Sharon White , the chief executive of Ofcom , criticised Openreach ’s plan to add £ 7 per month to the wholesale cost of broadband to pay for new upgrades.Openreach wants to deliver the upgrade by the mid-2020s by ripping out the old copper telephone lines connecting 10m homes and replacing them with faster and more reliable fibre optics . Britain has fallen behind most other developed economies , with “ gold standard ” fibre-optic networks available to only a tiny fraction of homes.Openreach has told broadband providers including Sky , TalkTalk and Vodafone that it would need to increase the wholesale bill per household covered by the new network by £ 7 per month to make a fair return for BT on the multibillion-pound investment.The higher charges would only apply where the upgrades take place , but to all customers regardless of whether they also want faster internet access.The price is viewed by BT ’s broadband retail rivals as too high , and Ms White intervened on Friday to urge a rethink . She said : “ We expect BT to go further , and make a reality of the ambition it has set . “ As the owner of Openreach – the national telecoms network which is becoming more independent from BT – it should act in the interest of all of its customers who rely on it , as well as its shareholders . ” Openreach is due to reveal its detailed pricing proposals before Christmas , although the complicated talks between the company , its customers , regulators and the Government could drag into the new year.It is understood that Openreach is resisting calls to reduce its wholesale price for ultra-fast broadband . It is leaning on the Government to provide relief from a sharp rise in the business rates due on its old network as part of the discussion.Ms White sought to highlight the threat of infrastructure competition to Openreach if it does not get on and build new networks . Vodafone , which hopes to become a large scale broadband provider after joining the market late , has increased pressure by signing a wholesale agreement with CityFibre to connect 1m homes with fibre optics.The mobile giant has held talks with Openreach about potential joint investment in new networks , a move that would reduce the burden on BT ’s balance sheet . It is already stretched by sports rights bills , pensions top-up payments and maintaining the company ’s increasing shareholder payouts.However it is understood Vodafone has been pressing for lower wholesale rates that would allow it to be more competitive in the retail broadband market before it commits to an infrastructure investment.Openreach itself has said its wholesale customers “ acknowledge that charging a large premium for ultra-fast services alone is unlikely to succeed , but question how much more customers will be willing to pay for the same headline speeds on a better platform ” . Ms White said : “ BT has the financial and technical wherewithal to transform its digital infrastructure for the modern era . The question for BT is – does it lead the transformation today as the self-proclaimed national champion ? Or does it follow , playing catch-up on its nimbler rivals ? ” An Openreach spokesman said : “ Continuing to invest remains a priority for us and we ’re encouraged that our wholesale customers support our ambition . “ But investing in a major Fibre-to-the-Premises network needs commitment from the whole industry and we ’re engaging with Ofcom and Government to build an environment that encourages and facilitates investment . ”	BT ordered to rethink plan to spread its upgrade costs
Theresa May will take personal charge of Brexit negotiations as she visits Brussels for crucial meetings hoping to clinch an agreement on the Northern Ireland border issue , which has so far proved impossible . She will be having lunch on Monday with Jean-Claude Juncker , the president of the European commission , and will later meet Donald Tusk , the president of the European council , on a day when all sides had hoped to finalise the UK offer on the border , citizens ’ rights and the financial settlement . Agreement on these three issues should pave the way for EU leaders to decide at their summit later this month to open talks on a future UK-EU trade deal . But although the money and citizens ’ rights issues have been mostly resolved , the Irish border issue has remained a significant obstacle because the British government has yet to offer a firm commitment explaining how it will guarantee avoiding a return to a hard border after Brexit . For Ireland , and the EU27 as a whole , this has become a potential dealbreaker . Simon Coveney , Ireland ’s deputy prime minister and foreign minister , said on Sunday that he was hopeful of an 11th-hour deal that would satisfy London , Dublin and Brussels , allowing the Brexit talks to move on to discuss the transition deal and the future trading relationship after the European council meeting on 14 December . Sources in Dublin said an agreement on the border had not yet been reached but that a final text was being worked on by officials , with the chances of it being ready in time for May and Juncker ’s lunch being put at 50:50 . Coveney told the broadcaster RTE that Monday was “ undoubtedly a very big day in the context of Brexit negotiations ” and that “ certainly the hope is that those meetings will result in a momentum that can be carried into the leaders ’ summit ” . A special meeting of the Irish cabinet has been called for Monday morning in which ministers will get an update . Why is Dublin opposed to the idea of a hard border ? Ireland ’s taoiseach , Leo Varadkar , has been much more sceptical than the UK about the potential for avoiding border posts via virtual checks on importers . Whilst agreeing with British ministers and EU negotiators that it is inconceivable for there to be a return to a hard border with the north , Dublin argues that the best way for the UK to achieve this would be by permanently remaining in a customs union with the EU and seeking single market membership like Norway through the European Economic Area . The UK has conceded that some of this will be necessary in its interim phase after Brexit , but hopes clever technological solutions can allow it have looser economic links in the long run . Varadkar is not alone in being sceptical about whether such a cake-and-eat-it customs and trade strategy is viable . Was this helpful ? Thank you for your feedback . “ It is a fluid situation . Contact is continuing at an official level , but there is still some way to go , ” said an informed source in the republic . In London , a government spokesman said : “ With plenty of discussions still to go , Monday will be an important staging post on the road to the crucial December council . ” EU leaders want an agreement early this week because Michel Barnier , the EU ’s chief Brexit negotiator , is due to tell European commissioners on Wednesday whether or not sufficient progress has been made on the phase one Brexit talks issues in his judgment to justify moving tto phase two – transition and trade . Two hours before Monday ’s lunch with May , Juncker is to join the European parliament ’s Brexit coordinator , Guy Verhofstadt , along with members of the chamber ’s Brexit steering committee , to discuss outstanding issues on the future rights of EU citizens after the UK leaves the bloc . Although this issue is largely resolved , Juncker requested the meeting to refresh himself on the problems MEPs continue to have with the progress on citizens ’ rights , including British resistance to cementing a role for the European court of justice ( ECJ ) in protecting the status of EU nationals living in Britain . Beyond the issue of the ECJ , the parliament also wants the UK to drop any charges for EU nationals when they apply for settled status post-Brexit . They are also insistent that future family members of those living in the UK today should be covered by whatever benefits are dispensed by the withdrawal agreement . The parliament must ratify any treaty on Britain ’s withdrawal from the EU before Brexit in March 2019 . May is coming under strong pressure from Tory Brexiters unhappy with some of the compromises that she has already made in the process . Many of her MPs would want to see her abandon Brexit negotiations altogether if the EU summit in December rules against opening trade talks . On Sunday , senior Conservative Brexiters set new red lines for May in the talks with the EU , significantly reducing her chances of getting a deal acceptable to the whole of her party . What is a hard Brexit ? A hard Brexit would take Britain out of the EU ’s single market and customs union and ends its obligations to respect the four freedoms , make big EU budget payments and accept the jurisdiction of the ECJ : what Brexiters mean by “ taking back control ” of Britain ’s borders , laws and money . It would mean a return of trade tariffs , depending on what ( if any ) FTA was agreed . See our full Brexit phrasebook . The former cabinet ministers Iain Duncan Smith , Owen Paterson , Nigel Lawson and John Redwood said it would be unacceptable for the ECJ to have any jurisdiction over the UK during the planned two-year transition after Brexit . Duncan Smith set out his objections in an article in the Sunday Telegraph in which he said he particularly opposed a plan for the ECJ to have an ongoing role , beyond the transition , adjudicating on the rights of EU nationals in the UK . Paterson , Lawson and Redwood , along with more than 30 other Brexiters , have signed a letter coordinated by the group Leave Means Leave listing seven conditions they say should apply before the UK makes any divorce payment to the EU . But on Sunday , in a message to Tory Brexiters , the health secretary , Jeremy Hunt , suggested that if May was brought down , Brexit might not happen . “ If we do n’t back Theresa May , we will have no Brexit , ” he said . This article originally appeared on The Guardian	Theresa May to take charge of Brexit talks at crucial Brussels meetings
( NEW YORK ) — In a sleepy post-Thanksgiving weekend at the box office , Pixar ’s “ Coco ” remained the top film for the second straight week while a number of Oscar contenders packed theaters in specialty release . “ Coco ” again easily led all films with $ 26.1 million in the U.S. and Canada , according to studio estimates Sunday . The acclaimed animated tale based on the Mexican holiday Dia de los Muertos ( Day of the Dead ) has dominated new releases both domestically and abroad . It has already racked up a global gross of $ 280 million , including record-breaking totals in Mexico and an impressive $ 75.6 million in China . With no major wide releases , Warner Bros. ’ “ Justice League ” also held in second place with $ 16.6 million in its third weekend . With a domestic total of $ 197.3 million in three weeks , the DC Comics superhero team-up release is n’t going to catch Marvel ’s “ Thor Ragnarok . ” The better-received “ Thor ” sequel has proved far mightier , with nearly $ 300 million in five weeks of release . The family film “ Wonder , ” about a fifth-grade boy ( Jacob Tremblay ) with facial abnormalities , likewise stayed in third with $ 12.5 million . The sleeper hit of the season , also starring Julia Roberts and Owen Wilson , has taken in $ 88 million in three weeks for Lionsgate . Among new releases , most successful was James Franco ’s “ The Disaster Artist . ” The comedy opened with $ 1.2 million on 19 screens , good for a per-screen average of $ 64,254 . The film , directed by and starring Franco , is about the making of the infamously bad cult movie “ The Room . ” With most studios staying clear ahead of the impending release of “ Star Wars : The Last Jedi ” ( which some forecasts peg for a $ 200-million debut ) , much of the weekend ’s action was with awards-season releases . They helped drive the weekend to the biggest post-Thanksgiving weekend in five years , according to comScore . Greta Gerwig ’s “ Lady Bird , ” which spent the week collecting honors from the New York Film Critics Circle , the Gotham Awards and the National Board of Review , added 403 theaters , for a total of 1,194 . The A24 release , starring Saoirse Ronan and Laurie Metcalf , earned $ 4.5 million , bringing its total to $ 17.1 million . Fox Searchlight ’s “ The Shape of Water , ” an acclaimed monster-movie fantasy from director Guillermo del Toro , opened in two New York theaters with $ 167,000 . ( The $ 83,400 per-screen average ranks as among the best of the year . ) Searchlight ’s “ Thee Billboards Outside of Ebbing , Missouri , ” also expanded to 1,630 screens and grossed $ 4.5 million . The Frances McDormand-led film has grossed $ 13.7 million . The coming-of-age tale “ Call Me By Your Name , ” which topped the Gotham Awards on Monday , remained in very limited release — four theaters — and pulled in an excellent per-screen average of $ 67,000 . The Sony Pictures Classics last weekend debuted with the highest screen-average of the year . The film ’s young star , Timothee Chalamet , has emerged as one the leading best-actor contenders . Also of note : Woody Allen ’s latest , “ Wonder Wheel , ” opened with $ 140,555 in five theaters ; Focus Feature ’s Winston Churchill biopic “ Darkest Hour ” took in $ 106,000 in four theaters ; and the 20th anniversary release of “ Titanic ” grossed $ 415,000 in 87 theaters . Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Sunday at U.S. and Canadian theaters , according to comScore . Where available , the latest international numbers for Friday through Sunday are also included . Final domestic figures will be released Monday . 1 . “ Coco , ” $ 26.1 million ( $ 69 million international ) . 2 . “ Justice League , ” $ 16.6 million . 3 . “ Wonder , ” $ 12.5 million . 4 . “ Thor : Ragnarok , ” $ 9.7 million . 5 . “ Daddy ’s Home 2 , ” $ 7.5 million . 6 . “ Murder on the Orient Express , ” $ 6.7 million . 7 . “ Lady Bird , ” $ 4.5 million . 8 . “ Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri , ” $ 4.5 million . 9 . “ The Star , ” $ 4 million . 10 . A Bad Moms Christmas , ” $ 3.5 million .	Coco Tops Box Office for 2nd Week with $ 26.1 M
how did you get here , how in the hell did this happen . your heart is sinking , you ’ve been over thinking . your heart is heavy and you ’ve been tired . how did you get here ? maybe you fell for him because of the manipulation . maybe you fell for him because you were lonely . maybe you fell for a man who could n’t love you because of his ability to tell you everything you wanted to hear at the exact time that you needed to hear it . here you are reading this looking for a sign or maybe a reminder of what you should look for instead . you ca n’t hate yourself for being able to love someone without conditions , your ability to love someone unconditionally is truly a blessing and maybe this failure in finding a love that lasts is a lesson . regardless of where you are or how badly it feels . I need you to understand that you are worthy of more , you deserve so much more and you are strong enough to hold out until you get what you truly deserve and that ’s a love that wo n’t force you into sadness . a love that wo n’t cause you to compromise your own well being for someone who will never care for you in the way you ’ve longed for . I need you to begin looking into yourself for everything you need and more . I need you to remember your power and your ability to overcome all things and anything that comes against you . I need you to understand this does n’t have to be your life , I need you to want more for yourself . I need you to understand that this happens often and that you are not alone here . in fact , there are many women reading these words in this exact moment feeling the exact same way that you do right now . you are not alone here , this is a place of realization and reflection . it ’s time for you to start taking back your life and it ’s time for you to take back the love you ’ve wasted on all of those people who were never worthy . you got here because you desire something real and you ’re here now because you realize that the person you thought to be the truth was lying all along and that ’s the first step to moving on . understanding that the person you want may not be the one you need and that person may never be capable of providing the type of love you deserve.I hope you find yourself and after you rediscover who you are , I hope you then find a love that enriches your entire life … .	i hope you find real love
Getting in top 5 percentile in exams , getting more revenue than competitors , making art piece that grabs most attention . . . I think we have all measured our success by the way we stands in competition . Some of us , have come out as successful in the race we choose . But the hardness of race , makes us like Kevin Spacey ( House of Cards ) , who has everything , but ca n’t smile . The currency of success may have changed from cash in pocket to likes on facebook , but drive for success has been resurrecting.And why wo n’t be , racing ahead gives us the necessary adrenaline rush , to push ourselves off our limits . But there are a few questions which comes to my mind.If life is brief , why should I keep racing ? Why not explore and experience life intensely . Why constantly be treated like a ill patient ? For example , “ Do 10 $ course and secure a job . ( P.S we will cure you ) ” , “ Become an IITian , and make your parents proud ” , “ World ’s largest startup summit ” , etc . The show off of elitism is killing the tiny little spirit of genuine exploration which I am worried about . Everywhere I go , the superfluous marketing is making us less of human that we are , and more of a rabid rat in this never-ending mindless race.I come from Data Science background . I initially wanted to learn engineering , and thats why got into job . Then realized I wanted to explore the myseries of world by probabilistic models . This drove me into IISc , to pursue Deep Learning for masters . I then realized , that unless I have difficult problems to apply my knowledge , I will not gain insights , so I went into industry as datascientist . But now , in late 20 ’s a realization is dawning on me , which want ’s me to do something which I really really want to do . I though of PhD , the idea of doing research is great , but the idea of constantly publishing , constantly getting better results , keeps giving me red signals . What if my work is of one of its kind ? will college invest ? . Probably I do n’t care , if I am able to be the best researcher , all I care is , how much care I have given to the minutest detail to my best extend , above all , how thoroughly I have been involved , got interesting stories and unraveled new patterns ? . Thanks to my exposure to arts , that I am able to express my difficulty.Why are we able to enjoy cooking more than 9 – 12 hours of work we do ? Why is walking on a street , having random chai discussions , more fun at times than all the things you consider the most ambitious things you want to do in life?Because you do n’t judge your success/failiure in cooking , you do n’t attach too much meaning to cooking in your head . The result is , that we tend to pay attention to small details more in cooking , and are deeply involved.It takes great practice , to not attach meaning to the things you are deeply involved for years . And this is the kind of practice , we need to groom . Otherwise , we may all end up carrying heavy heart , long serious lifeless face . This is exactly what is happening with many of us.Do you remember the first time you wrote the code or drew a painting ? It was soo much fun , was n’t it ? Because we were not some boggy in race that time . We were simply enjoying the process , without being overly judgmental.So , the question is , do you value your success more , than life-involvement ? Or is life-involvement more important than success to you?In layman terms , I want to ask “ Do you want to sell the best cookie in world with 99.999999 precision or wa n’t to create a create a restaurant where chef ’s dance , sing and cook their heart out . Where all the cookies are not best cookies , but certainly both chefs as well as customers enjoy the warmth , the stories , and the songs ” So , I decided , I want to work towards toppling this narrative . Hans Zimmer once told , “ you do n’t need all the expensive equipment to become best track , even if you have are on street , you can come up with it . A good story can come from anywhere . Sometimes shortfilms shot on mobile turn out to be great ideas ” I want to make curiosity , stories and songs more important in machine learning . I want to create a space , where narratives are more than just being clinical.Perfection is a fake idea , there is no perfection . The singularity of measure of perfection essentially reflects the myopic vision we have . In that , the idea of having one vision , one race where all rats run , completely destroys the brilliance and genius of a collective mind of society . Why do you want to repeat someone else ’s success ? such a boring thing to happen ? “ How should I do my work ? with passion ? with attention to small details ? ” should become as important as “ What should I work on ? What should I achieve ? ” Most of the romantic movies have same similar high-level story-line , but we all know how residual impact of each movie is different.Only time can tell , if the rebel in me , will bring out a fresh new story in world , or will eventually be the same narrative . But let me try , let me take my baby steps ? Who knows , I might just end up surprising myself ? The only goal , I have set , is that no matter what path I choose , the intensity will always be top focus . Each day , I wake up , having more passion , intensity than previous day , in the limitations of my work area , is what I will value more . Cause life is brief , these big dreams of success sold are truly meaningless in large large scape of time and space . If you are honest with yourself , you will not lie to yourself into believing in those dreams , rather use them as fulcrum to infect others with your intensity .	Racing ahead of race
Britney Spears just turned 36 , and celebrities helped the singer celebrate by sending her their best wishes on social media . As for how Britney celebrated her special day , her boyfriend Sam Asghari decorated the room with rose petals , candles , and cupcakes . Britney seemed to enjoy her party , as she captioned her Instagram video , " Could n’t ask for a better way to kick off my birthday . " Here are some of the best celebrity posts celebrating Britney 's 36th birthday : Miley Cyrus Ellen DeGeneresHappy birthday , @BritneySpears ! I listened to your Christmas song 30 times today already , and that was just in line at Starbucks . — Ellen DeGeneres ( @TheEllenShow ) December 2 , 2017 Paris Hilton Madonna Perez Hilton Britney also took the opportunity to give her fans an extra special performance of " Ca n't Help Falling in Love " by Elvis Presley . Her stunning vocals sound flawless without accompaniment , as the camera spins around her wearing a skintight black mini dress : Happy Birthday , Britney Spears !	Britney Spears Just Celebrated Her 36th Birthday , and Celebs Sent the Cutest Messages
A partial implosion of a US stadium which once hosted a Super Bowl , the World Cup and even the Pope has failed to bring down the house . The Silverdome stadium in Michigan is the former home of American football team the Detroit Lions . Demolition company Adamo says that the blasts in Pontiac , Michigan , did weaken the Silverdome and it could still fall . However , it 's unclear when that might happen . READ MORE * Demolition for Defence house set The stadium , with its 80,000 capacity arena , was due to have the upper section of its structure brought down by a partial implosion , as part of a year-long demolition project . However , despite the explosives being fired , all that emerged were a few puffs of smoke . Adamo executive vice president Rick Cuppetilli says that 10 percent of the explosive charges failed to detonate due to wiring issues that crews are investigating . Cuppetilli says that unless gravity causes the building to fall on its own , excavators will start taking down the structure this week . The Lions played in suburban Detroit from 1975 through 2001 . The Silverdome also was the home of the NBA 's Detroit Pistons and hosted the Super Bowl in 1982 .	Watch - Demolition of US stadium does n’t quite go as planned as blasts fail to explode
LIVE Montreal More Streams By stimulating neural pathways , a team of Quebec researchers was able in a recent experiment to influence how much a group a twenty-somethings enjoyed their favourite music . The results of the Montreal Neurological Institute study might spur feelings of mistrust or dystopian images of mass-marketing mind control . But as McGill professor Alain Dagher tells it , the chances of this kind of technology being used to win over consumers is slim to none . " We do n't have an interest to use this method to help sell music , " Dagher , a co-author of the study , told CBC 's All in a Weekend . Instead , he 's hoping the process can be adapted to serve a more noble cause : in this case as an alternative treatment for mental illnesses such as depression or addiction . How it works Dagher and his co-authors published the study last month in the journal Nature Human Behaviour . A group of 20 subjects in their 20s listened to music selected by the researchers and rated how much they enjoyed it , how it made them feel and how likely they would be to go out and buy it . Their brain responses were also measured . The researchers found they were able to make the test subjects feel more positive about the music by stimulating their fronto-striatal pathways . When these pathways were inhibited , the subjects felt less positive . Researchers did this using a " non-invasive brain stimulation technique " called transcranial magnetic stimulation ( TMS ) . Basically , they used magnetic pulses to either stimulate or inhibit selected parts of the brain . Listeners not only said they enjoyed the same song more or less based on the TMS , but the researchers were also able to measure a physical response that confirmed the self-reported findings . " We measured their skin response because it measures emotional arousal , like a lie detector machine , " said Dagher . Potential applications So while this sounds like a perfect way to market a product to an unwilling consumer , Dagher says that 's not a likely outcome of the research . The TMS machine is big , bulky and immobile , and it is n't capable of changing a listener 's taste completely , just making small enhancements or adjustments in perception . Ultimately , the TMS does n't have the ability to make someone enjoy a piece of music , or even a genre , they normally would n't . The music used in the experiment were selected from genres the participants already professed to liking . The only reason the team asked about willingness to buy was to monitor how much the subject was moved to action by the " emotional arousal . " Dagher said the results could affect how technology is used to treat diseases that are related to motivation , desire and apathy . He suggested inhibiting an addict 's brain when it responds to cues like drugs or alcohol — or stimulating a depressed person 's brain — could prove effective when combined with behavioural therapies .	Stimulating neural pathways can influence how much you enjoy music , McGill study finds
Being a personal trainer in the Arlington Virginia area , often times I am asked by my clients why do we need protein and what are the best sources of protein to ingest ? Let ’s take a look at this topic.When we work out , in regards to resistance training , we are breaking down our muscles and causing micro-tears within the muscles . The way the process works is that once these micro-tears recover the muscle gain strength and becomes bigger . However , we need the proper rest and protein for this recovery to take place . So what are the best sources of protein?When discussing the best sources of protein , we are looking at the proteins that are easily assimilated into the body and that have the best ratio of amino acids . Whey protein has been shown to be the most easily digestible and assimilated and has the best ratio of amino acids period other Foods I recommend are eggs , chicken , fish , lean cuts of steak , and cottage cheese . These sources of protein yield a great array of amino acids and are easily digestible.If you have any questions please feel free to reach out to us at Every body ’s personal trainer .	What you need to know about protein
Taylor Swift ’s new album Reputation topped the Billboard 200 chart for the third consecutive week , putting it in rare company . Per Billboard , unit ( or unit-equivalent ) sales of Reputation for the week ending Nov. 30 fell just 43 percent to a healthy 147,000 , topping the weekly chart which lists the most popular albums based on multi-metric consumption . It ’s the first album to do so three weeks in a row since Kendrick Lamar ’s Damn , which was released way back in April , and only the fourth such album in all of 2017 . Drake ’s More Life and the Weeknd ’s Star Boy are the others . Reputation , released Nov. 10 , sold 1.216 million copies in its first week of release . In addition to its consistent commercial performance , the album was just made available across all streaming services Dec. 1 , which Billboard forecasts will lead to a “ spike ” on next week ’s charts . The album is already the best-selling one of 2017 , and it currently leads the Billboard 200 list by a significant margin . The song collection is also being bolstered by placements on various year-end lists , with Rolling Stone recently naming it the seventh-best album of 2017 . Notably , Swift ’s Reputation is the first female-led album to stay atop the Billboard 200 for three weeks since Adele ’s 25 , which managed to rank No . 1 for a remarkable 10 weeks . Whether Swift ’s latest can reach such heights remains to be seen .	Taylor Swift 's reputation becomes fourth 2017 album to top Billboard chart for three weeks
Have you heard about the race to create a space pen?The story goes that in the 1960s , NASA was facing a challenge : traditional pens would n’t work in the zero gravity environment of space , but astronauts needed to write . The NASA engineers asked , “ How can we design a pen that writes in space ? ” . They busily put their brilliant minds to working on a space pen . Months went by , millions of dollars were spent , and voila : a beautifully designed space pen was designed and produced for American astronauts . The Russians , meanwhile , asked , “ How might astronauts write in space ? ” . They spent a few dollars and an afternoon to buy the right pencils . It turns out this story is a myth — check out here and here for the real story . However , part of the reason it ’s a popular , sticky story is because it illustrates a very important point : asking the right questions is the most important part of problem solving.In design thinking ( a popular approach to creative problem solving ) , they put it this way : there are two main phases to solving a problem : getting the right problem , and getting the problem right.By far the most important phase is getting the right problem.Yet in education we keep skipping straight to solutions — we are busily “ innovating ” in getting the problem right without asking whether we even have the right problem . This has led to a seemingly endless cycle of reform with very little positive change.Today , questions about “ personalized learning ” and “ college and career readiness ” are driving most of the “ innovation ” in education . These questions are not bad in a moral sense , in fact they ’re largely well-intentioned — but , they have a limited notion of what school does and can do . We ’re asking “ How can we increase our test scores ? ” without asking , “ Do these tests measure what we think is important ? ” We ’re saying , “ How do we get every kid to college and a STEM career ? ” without asking , “ What is it about the college experience or specific careers we actually care about ? ” Most fundamentally , we ’re asking , “ How can we reimagine school ? ” without having asked , “ What is the purpose of school ? ” Questions like , “ But does giving kids recess or art class increase test scores ? ” make me want to respond , “ Mu ” . This is a Japanese word that has been adopted in the Buddhist tradition as a response to questions that presuppose an answer that is too limited for the truth of the respondent ’s experience or the issue at hand . Instead of answering the limited question , the respondent can say “ mu ” or , “ please ask a better question . ” I want to say “ mu ” because inherent in this kind of question about recess and art class is that the most important thing about the school experience is increasing test scores . It presupposes the “ right problem ” and sets our minds to designing for a space pen without seeing that the question itself is limiting our possible answers.You could replace ‘ test scores ’ with ‘ high school degree ’ or ‘ college entrance ’ or ‘ good job ’ and they all would be the same — the question itself presumes an outcome and metric that are not what we ultimately care about achieving , and substituting them as proxies is causing actual harm . The data suggests that across the board in schools kids are not thriving : in fact , they ’re frequently disengaged and discouraged . Only 54 percent of students feel hopeful about their prospects in future school or their ability to achieve their goals ; and , a full third of students ( 34 percent ) report they are actually suffering [ 1 ] . Let me repeat that : over a third of students report they are actually suffering ! That is potentially 17 million suffering children in our schools . My co-founder Nicole tells the heart-wrenching story of what this really looked like in her classroom here , which is why she eventually left teaching to work on changing the system.I spent the last 7 years at Stanford on a quest to understand why our system is so often disempowering for the adults and students in it . Over the next several months I ’m going to share 10 big shifts in our thinking we need to make if we ’re going to achieve substantive change in education : all of them can be directly tied to us solving the wrong problem . We are often trying to solve the problem of competition ( economic mobility ) or attainment ( test scores ) or content knowledge acquisition , but none of these get at the full range of things we really want for the kids we care about , or for our society . If you have the wrong problem , even the most innovative solutions will fall short.Getting the right problem in education requires asking better questions . For this , I love the notion from poetry and philosophy of “ the beautiful question ” and it contrasts well with the idea of “ mu ” . Instead of being restrictive , beautiful questions open our horizons , cause us to pause and reflect , and reimagine possibility . Poet David Whyte says , “ these questions ask us to reimagine ourselves , our world and our part in it , and have the potential to reshape our identities , helping us to become larger , more generous , and more courageous , equal to the fierce invitations extended to us as we grow and mature ” . [ 2 ] . In my research at Stanford and through our work at REENVISIONED , we are stepping back and asking more beautiful questions about what we want for our lives and our society by considering the full theory of change for schooling . You can think of an individual ’s theory of change for schooling as operating on four levels : 1 . What does it mean to live a good or successful life ? 2 . What is the ideal role of school in helping individuals create that life ? 3 . Does school do this for the children I care about ? 4 . If not , why not?Reformers often jump to question 4 and propose solutions without knowing their answers to the first three questions . We argue with others about the merits of our innovations without understanding the levels on which we agree or disagree.Often forgotten today is the fact that as a society we also need to add the questions of : 1 . What kind of society do we want to create together ? 2 . What is school ’s ideal role in helping create that society?So far , we ’re finding there is considerably more agreement than disagreement on the answers to many of these questions . You can see people ’s stories and reflections here , and sign up to be part of the movement at www.reenvisioned.org . Further , we ’re finding that the conversation itself helps create a shared sense of vision rooted in our common values.If we ’re going to truly shift our system , rather than engage in a never-ending cycle of “ so much reform , so little change ” , we need to ask more beautiful questions , and say “ mu ” with more frequency . It ’s only once we ’ve identified the right problem that we can move on to getting the problem right . — — — — [ 1 ] Gallup . ( 2013 ) . 2013 Gallup student poll : Overall U.S. report . Gallup , Inc . Retrieved from http://www.gallupstudentpoll.com/174020/2013-gallup-student-poll-overall-report.aspx [ 2 ] Whyte , D. ( 2014 ) . Solace : The Art of Asking the Beautiful Question . Langley , WA : Many Rivers Press .	Getting the Right Problem in Education
My statement of purpose ( SOP ) when I was applying for a Master ` s in Engineering ManagementTen years ago I would have never imagined myself writing this letter , due to the completely different ideology that I had before . What has paved my way so far is the determination to face the adversity.As a child , I was always curious about everything to the point of breaking my toys to see what was inside and what made them work ( even if it annoyed my parents ) . I would say that my first experience with management was in my youth : wanting to buy a skateboard that I did not have the money for . So , I used my ability to draw cartoons to raise money . Indeed , selling by myself was not enough to achieve what I wanted ; therefore I delegated the job of selling to my brothers , giving them a percentile of each sale.One of the biggest challenges in my life was trying to enter in a public university . Beating the odds of the enormous difficulties of being accepted in a public university in Brazil ( due to the test which is extremely competitive and contains all the subjects from your life ) was my only goal at that time . Something I will never forget is one of my teachers saying that I Would not pass the entry exams because of my fair grade of high school . The reward was seeing my name on the list of the thirty five who passed the entry exams in electrical engineering.University had a strong impact in my hopes and dreams . At First , the experience of living by myself in a new city without the support of my family was overwhelming . Shocking to me was the facts that now , unlike in high school , the students were expected to learn things on their own . Most of my classmate had failed in calculus in the first semester . I went to the final exams , with only one weekend to study and I had to cross the nights studying for the test . It was a good learning to plan my studies and not have to suffer a lot next time . As an extracurricular activity , I joined other students and teachers on a project for an electrical car . This new experience enabled me the opportunity to have the concrete aspect of creating something new in line with my childhood dreams . In this project I had the chance to apply theories that I had learnt with something environmentally friendly . I had to deal with the complexity of creating something that even our team members were not believing in and not expecting anything in return . Thus , through my persistence and motivation , people put their disbelief aside and really engaged the project to its conclusion . People were satisfied with the results and all the knowledge that we acquired and were able to apply it in other fields.My trip to California , USA , gave me the chance to meet and know other people from different continents and cultures . During my stay , I was able to understand the different lifestyles and it made me a more open-minded person . In a short time I made friends who became like brothers to me , helping me to realize the true value of friendship and to learn unforgettable things.The internship at SC Johnson Brazil and my Entrepreneurship &amp; Innovation course have helped me to develop what I did not learn at University . At my internship I have acquired better analytical and organizational skills to deal with company problems , which I am sure , will be useful for this Master . Whereas my course in entrepreneurship revealed subjects , views and activities , that induced my choice to continue studies in this field.Working in Production Planning and Scheduling ( PPS ) sector I acquired other skills with some routine tasks : align business demands and production capacity ; development of plans and production schedules in order to meet the deadlines set ; evaluate planned versus performed in order to correct possible deviations ; support and involvement with the commercial area on a constant monitoring of the sales orders deadlines to meet the demands of customers.I am determined to study in the area of management due to the alignment with my goals . These goals could be summarized as follows : Therefore , through this master I can get the tools to achieve my long term objectives . Therefore , I can improve my global vision to solve daily problems in the new model of enterprises which are related to technology . I wish the scholarship committee find that my background and strengths follow the master requirements.Life Planning	Personal Statement for Engineering Management
( Bloomberg ) -- Directors at the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond have chosen Thomas Barkin , a senior executive at global consulting firm McKinsey &amp; Co. , as the institution ’s next president , said a person familiar with the decision.Barkin also has the support of the Fed ’s Board of Governors in Washington , according to the person , who asked not to be identified because they were n’t authorized to speak about it publicly . It was unclear , however , whether the Board of Governors had formally voted to approve Barkin , which is required before he can take office.Barkin , 56 , will succeed Jeffrey Lacker , who resigned in April after admitting his role in the leak of confidential , market-sensitive information to a Wall Street newsletter.Barkin is the chief risk officer at McKinsey , where he ’s worked for 30 years , according to Steve John , a spokesman for the firm . He served as chief financial officer from 2009 to 2015 . Before joining McKinsey , Barkin worked at First Boston Corp. and Boston Consulting Group , according to the company ’s website.Harvard Pedigree “ His primary client focus is helping financial institutions and travel and transportation companies , ” according to Barkin ’s McKinsey biography . He “ recently supported an M&amp;A engagement for a financial-investments firm , and contributed to a purchasing and supply-chain operations-improvement effort for an airline . ” Margaret Lewis , chairwoman of the Richmond Fed ’s board , who also headed the search committee that has picked Barkin , declined through a bank spokesman , Jim Strader , to comment about the matter . None of the other five board members eligible to participate in the selection process returned phone calls and emails seeking comment.Barkin holds a bachelor ’s degree in economics , a law degree , and an MBA from Harvard University . He serves on the executive committee of the Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce and on the board of trustees at Emory University in Atlanta . He ’s a former chairman of the Atlanta Fed ’s board of directors.Barkin , who works in McKinsey ’s Atlanta office , did n’t return phone calls seeking comment.Criticism PossibleThe selection of Barkin to serve as a policy maker at the world ’s most important central bank may not pass without criticism . While steeped in managerial and consulting experience , in some cases for financial firms , he has no background in monetary policy making . Nor will the decision satisfy critics who have called for more gender and racial diversity in the Fed ’s leadership . “ We make better decisions when we have diverse voices around the table , ” Fed Chairman-nominee Jerome Powell said during his Senate confirmation hearing last week . “ That ’s something we ’re very committed to at the Federal Reserve , both at the Board of Governors and in the reserve banks . ” Michelle Smith , a spokeswoman for the Board of Governors in Washington , declined to comment , as did Strader at the Richmond Fed . “ To extent they were looking for more women and more people of color , Tom Barkin would not be that candidate , ” said Peter Conti-Brown , Fed historian at the University of Pennsylvania ’s Wharton School . ‘ Professional Diversity ’“ We ’re also seeing throughout the Federal Reserve system a move away from professional economists occupying positions of leadership , ” he added . “ You have to have professional diversity , but we ’re getting dangerously close to going too far away from professional economists . ” Still , Conti-Brown said Barkin , as a financial services adviser at McKinsey , is likely to have a sophisticated understanding of banking supervision and regulation.Aaron Klein , a fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington , also voiced concern over the pick : “ It is disappointing that reserve banks continue the pattern of selecting members of their own or each other ’s boards of directors at a time when the Fed is in need of diverse and fresh thoughts . ” The activist group Fed Up , which has repeatedly called for more openness in the selection of Fed presidents , said it too was disappointed in the news of Barkin ’s selection . The Richmond Fed ’s board “ chose a financial industry adviser who is likely to prioritize the investor class ’ interests over working people ’s interests , ” the group ’s co-director , Shawn Sebastian , said in a statement.Barkin was in the news in October when he apologized for the role McKinsey employees may have played in a corruption scandal in South Africa . McKinsey is being investigated by a South African parliamentary committee over whether it knowingly allowed money from Eskom , a state-owned electric power provider , to be diverted to a private company with ties to President Jacob Zuma in order to win a $ 78 million contract to advise Eskom.Golf Association “ There are things we wish we had done differently and will do differently in the future , ” Barkin said in an Oct. 17 statement . “ We reject the notion that our firm was involved in any acts of bribery or corruption . ” McKinsey said Nov. 16 it will repay about $ 70 million it received in fees from Eskom , regardless of whether the contract is found to be unlawful . No one has accused Barkin of any role in the matter.Barkin , an avid golfer , is also known for his leadership roles in the United States Golf Association , where he ’s a member of the executive committee and on the audit , finance and handicap committees for 2017 , according to a biography on the group ’s website.Regional Fed presidents serve as chief executives of their institution , overseeing complex functions within the U.S. central bank ’s structure -- from payments systems and banking supervision to large-scale technology operations.Hawkish RichmondAll 12 regional Fed presidents also sit on the policy-making Federal Open Market Committee , along with Fed governors who are based in Washington . The FOMC sets the Fed ’s benchmark interest rate and makes other monetary policy decisions central to the health of the U.S. economy . Richmond ’s president will be a voter on the FOMC in 2018 . Since Lacker ’s departure , the bank ’s first vice president , Mark Mullinix , has represented Richmond on the FOMC . The Richmond Fed ’s recent past presidents have held hawkish views on monetary policy.The Fed ’s district bank presidents are chosen by their respective boards of directors , and approved by the Board of Governors . Following the financial crisis , Congress changed the Federal Reserve Act to exclude bankers who sit on regional Fed boards from participating in the selection of regional bank presidents.Lacking TransparencyWithin the Fed , other changes have been made in recent years to the presidential search and selection process , with the Board of Governors significantly increasing its oversight . That effort is led by the Fed ’s Committee on Federal Reserve Bank Affairs , currently led by Powell . A governor since 2012 , Powell was nominated in November by President Donald Trump to succeed Janet Yellen as Fed chair when her term expires in February.Despite those changes , the selection process has remained controversial , with critics saying it lacks transparency , favors insiders , and has included too few women and minorities.Raphael Bostic was named as the head of the Atlanta Fed in March and took up his post in June , becoming the first black or Latino Fed president since the central bank ’s creation in 1913 . Only six women have led a regional Fed bank.The Philadelphia Fed drew fire in 2015 when its board chose one of its own members , Patrick Harker , who served on the search committee to find a replacement for Charles Plosser until he agreed to became a candidate.Searching Since JanuaryDocuments obtained under a Freedom of Information Act request later revealed the board had offered the job to another candidate . That person , who has n’t been identified , turned it down after being approved by the Board of Governors . Instead of offering the post to another candidate identified in the search , or restarting the process , the Philadelphia board reacted by asking Harker , then president of the University of Delaware , to step in.Richmond ’s board has been searching for a president since January , when Lacker initially announced he would retire in October . That plan was shaken up in April , when Lacker was forced to resign abruptly . In a statement , Lacker said he told federal investigators in 2015 that he ’d confirmed to a Wall Street newsletter the veracity of sensitive , leaked information about the central bank ’s policy deliberations in 2012 . He also failed to report the breach of rules when interviewed about the leak by the Fed ’s general counsel.In December 2015 the Richmond board reappointed Lacker to a new term beginning March 1 , 2016 , and the reappointment was approved by the Board of Governors in Washington in February 2016 . Neither the Richmond Board nor the Board of Governors has said whether they moved forward with Lacker ’s reappointment with knowledge of his actions . ( A previous version corrected the spelling of Mark Mullinix ) ( Adds comments from critic in 16th and 17th paragraphs . ) To contact the reporters on this story : Christopher Condon in Washington at ccondon4@bloomberg.net , Craig Torres in Washington at ctorres3@bloomberg.net . To contact the editors responsible for this story : Brendan Murray at brmurray@bloomberg.net , Ros Krasny © 2017 Bloomberg L.P.	Richmond Fed Said to Tap McKinsey 's Barkin as Its President ( 2 )
WASHINGTON – President Trump is still weighing whether to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and a decision could come this week , Trump ’s Middle East peace adviser Jared Kushner said Sunday . “ He ’s still looking at a lot of different facts , and then when he makes his decision , he ’ll be the one to want to tell you , not me , ” the president ’s son-in-law said at the Saban Forum Sunday in Washington . Trump had campaigned on moving the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , but has held off on executing the plan as Kushner tries to forge peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians . “ Both sides really trust the president , ” Kushner said on why he ’s optimistic about a peace deal . News reports suggest Trump will announce on Wednesday that he would recognize Jerusalem as the capital but hold off on an embassy move . “ I ’m not sure what decision he ’ll make ; we ’ve given him options , ” National Security Adviser HR McMaster said on “ Fox News Sunday . ” “ There are options involving the move of an embassy at some point in the future , which I think , you , could be used to gain momentum toward … a peace agreement and a solution that works both for Israelis and for Palestinians . ” Speaking publicly for the first time since former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn was charged Friday in the ongoing Russian investigation , Kushner stayed clear of any talk of the probe coming deeper into the White House . Kushner is the senior member of the Trump transition team who directed Flynn to contact Russian officials regarding a United Nations vote before President Obama left office , according to multiple news outlets . Kushner was working with Flynn to get a delay of a UN Security Council vote to condemn Israeli settlements or have Russia and other countries vote “ no , ” Bloomberg News reported . On Sunday , Kushner was praised by moderator Haim Saban for trying to work on Israel ’s behalf during the Obama Administration to scuttle the UN vote . “ You and your team were taking steps to try to get the United Nations Security Council to not go along with what ended up being an abstention ( vote ) by the US against a 50-year-old tradition , ” the pro-Israel Saban said at the Brookings Institution sponsored forum . “ As far as I know , there ’s nothing illegal there . But I think that this crowd and myself want to thank you for making that effort . ” Kushner received a round of applause , but withheld any comment . The UN resolution described Israeli settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem as illegal . It ultimately passed Dec. 23 by a vote of 14-0 because the US chose to abstain . Also Sunday , Newsweek reported Kushner made another omission on his financial records . He did n’t disclose he was co-director from 2006 to 2015 of the Charles and Seryl Kushner Foundation when it funded an Israeli settlement considered illegal under international law .	Kushner : Trump still weighing decision about Israel ’s capital
I was in my study hall last Friday and a group of three were badmouthing this guy . I ’m on “ hello ” basis with this guy and I ’m just wondering if I should tell him what they were saying . It ’s been eating at me all weekend . What they were saying is pretty bad . How none of his friends actually like him ( I believe the people doing he badmouthing are his “ friends ” too ) and how everyone only likes him because he ’s fast as shit ( this guy is super talented ) . Then they started talking about his weaknesses . For real they sounded like psychopaths . One guy asked about something he could use against him and one person in the group brought up how he ran away with his brother like 2 years ago and that police were involved or or something . These people are plotting to make him miserable but I do n’t want to overstep . If I do tell him do I leave anything out ? Or should I mind my own business ? The guy is super sweet so I do n’t want too see him hurt yet I do n’t want to get caught up in any drama . Also the reason I did n’t tell them to shut up is because I froze . However I did keep making “ uhh ” sounds and flipping my pages in my books super loud as a hint . I guess they were bad hints because they never stopped running their mouths .	Heard a group of people bad mouthing someone I kinda know ? What do I do ?
Southampton boss Mauricio Pellegrino has praised the resilience of his players following the Saints 1-1 draw with Bournemouth.The Cherries went ahead through Ryan Fraser shortly before half-time but Charlie Austin scored his third goal in two games after 61 minutes to help secure a point for his club . " I was encouraged with our good reaction , " Pellegrino told Sky Sports . " Sometimes the opponents controlled the situation , sometimes we controlled things better than them . " That is football , that is our job . Sometimes we have to control the ball to be more comfortable . They pressed well impressively at the beginning but our reaction was positive . " It was a tight game but both teams wanted to win the game with their ideas . For the ninth time we made a mistake at this level that we can not concede . But in the second half we were much better and we equalised . " But until the end the game was up and down all the time with both teams showing they want to win . It 's one point , we obviously wanted three , but we could n't get them . "	Pellegrino pleased with Southampton response in draw with Bournemouth
( CBS/AP ) Notre Dame ( 9-3 ) will face LSU ( 9-3 ) in the Citrus Bowl on Jan. 1 at noon in Orlando , Fla . Here ’s a capsule of the matchup . TOP PLAYERS Notre Dame : RB Josh Adams is 13th nationally in rushing yards with 1,386 and is averaging 7.3 yards per carry . The junior has seven 100-yard games , including two where he went over 200 yards . LSU : RB Derrius Guice is the fifth player in school history to have over 1,000 rushing yard and 10 rushing touchdowns in consecutive seasons . The junior has 1,153 yards and 11 touchdowns . NOTABLE Notre Dame : QB Brandon Wimbush has set the school ’s single-single record for rushing yards by a quarterback with 765 , but the junior has struggled with accuracy and has completed only 49.8 percent of his passes . LSU : After a 24-21 loss to Troy dropped the Tigers to 3-2 , they have won six of their last seven . They have won their last three by an average of 22.3 points . This is the 18th straight season the Tigers have eight wins or more , which is the longest streak among Power Five programs . LAST TIME Notre Dame beat LSU 31-28 in the 2014 Music City Bowl . BOWL HISTORY Notre Dame is 17-18 and has lost the last six times they have played in a bowl game in Florida . LSU is 25-22-1 in bowl games and is making its second consecutive appearance in the Citrus Bowl . The Tigers defeated Louisville 29-9 last year . Copyright 2017 The Associated Press .	Notre Dame To Face LSU In Citrus Bowl
Our regression from net surfing to serfdom ~ Tom Mahon ~ With the Senate unapologetically passing the most egregiously unjust tax bill in U.S. history , in the dead of night with no public comment , we have officially birthed a new economic , political and social regime very much like the Feudal order of a thousand years ago.Except that in the old Feudal order wealth and power were based on ownership of land ( ‘ real property ’ ) , while the new order is based on ownership of information ( ‘ intellectual property ’ or IP ) . And it ’s the shared ownership of IP that has allowed the ‘ innovators ’ of Silicon Valley and investors of Wall Street , with some help from their minions in Washington , to accumulate massive wealth , and ever-growing mastery over our thoughts , words and deeds.When Apple launched its Macintosh computer , it promised that the year 1984 would not be like George Orwell ’s novel 1984 , with Big Brother overseeing everything . But then a few years ago when the government demanded information about its customers , Apple showed who has the real power now , and it is n’t the Feds.Only in recent years have we discovered our attempts at solitude are under constant surveillance ; our innermost thoughts subject to hacking . And this year we find out that even facts and actual events are subject to digital manipulation . When everything is true , nothing is true . When all values are of equal value , they are of no value . The new tax bill , whatever its final shape , is our lords ’ way of telling us serfs that the won percent have one , and we survive , but can no longer flourish , at their sufferance.And we ai n’t seen nothing yet . Over the next few years monitoring and control by ‘ innovators ’ and investors over every aspect of our lives will intensify as the big marketing machine encourages us to hand over our thought processes to artificial intelligence ( AI ) ; replace our remaining connections to nature with the Internet of Things ( IoT ) . And even now our owners are preparing a happy place for us in an artificial , virtual , 3D digital world where we can forget the growing ugliness in society , and the ravaging of the natural world by which our owners profit.And coming behind all that is the Singularity , that may ( or may not ; nobody really knows ) represent an ‘ event horizon ’ after which there will be no going back to messy , smelly , daily life . So no more farts or toe jam , but also no more lavender scents , chocolate ice cream , or warm embraces.Some in the ownership class , frustrated they ca n’t control nature ( or her daughters ) , want to create a digital world they can control . And some seriously believe that by uploading their brains to machines they will be able to live forever ( or at least until an impatient heir pulls the plug ) . Some technophiles hope that in humanity ’s near future we will become what Arthur C. Clark once called ‘ frozen lattices of light , ’ as seen in the light show the end of 2001 : A Space Odyssey.Maybe intelligence and consciousness will transition eventually from carbon-based to silicon-based beings . But we are a long way from that now , and those who want to rush into it may do a lot of harm , and some of it perhaps irreversible.We can not fight our new owners on their terms . They have all the heavy weapons and own the IP behind them . So , like Gandhi , Mandela , Dr King et . al. , we have to redefine the idea of winning . The powerful are considered powerful because their definition of power is limited to wealth , influence and possessions . But the most basic study of history or literature shows those are the most transient things of all and can vanish in an Internet minute.I ’m not suggesting we give up the many benefit of electronic digital technology . On the contrary , we have a portfolio of tools at our disposal now that , if we re-think them correctly , can help us regain our dignity , decency and integrity — virtues lost when we are compelled to live at lightspeed , and necessary if we ’re to rebuild a just and merciful society.The electronic digital revolution was never intended to go as it has . I was very impressed in 1974 when my first client , the VP of QA at Univac , reminded me to include the social benefits of the company ’s computers in all the material I wrote for them : their machines would make air travel safer , health care more affordable , and education more broadly available.Over forty years on , we have achieved none of those goals , and with the current tax bill are in fact further from them than we were in 1974 . Public infrastructure , public health and public education in the U.S. are a shambles , and the new bill erases any doubt that we are in effect the new peonage.At the same time I was doing contract work for Univac , a tech writer there , Robert M. Pirsig , wrote a book called Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance , with the subtitle An Inquiry into Values . We spoke at some length back then . He stressed to me the necessity of incorporating values and quality in all fields of engineering , whether mechanical , automotive , civil or electronic . Sadly , my discussions with the VP of QA and with RMP set up expectations for me that were never realized , or ever spoken about again . It ’s time to revisit the matter.For now the battle ’s over , we are the powerless in our own country , and we did n’t even know there was a war going on . We have been silently and stealthfully beaten by our new owners , and most of us vanquished serfs , whether Tea Party or technorati , still do n’t get it and want more of what ails us.Exhausted by the pace of life now , savaged body and soul by constant surveillance , physically violated by identity theft , and lied to as a matter of course , we are babes unmoored in a hostile world which many of us unwittingly helped create.So we have to find a way to use our technologies to rewrite the terms of engagement to make the current regime collapse : not violently , but quickly . This is not just about a particular political party or faction . It ’s about ending the whole corrupt and morally debauched regime we ’ve lived in for a long time that says , “ For me to win , you must lose ; for me to have , you must have not . ” And this is insane since digital information is infinitely replicable , with no degradation of fidelity from the original.To survive our exposure to the brave new world of AI , IoT and the Singularity we need an engaged , informed public to watch every step of the way : “ Why this , not that ? Prove your thesis before we permit it . What are worst-case scenarios and how will you deal with them ? ” The technologies that can , and should , be liberating us instead now dominate our lives.All tools are based on leverage : minimizing inputs while getting greater outputs . The six tools of classical antiquity — the lever , wheel and axle , inclined plane , wedge , screw , and pulley — allowed us to leverage our muscles and so we had the agricultural revolution and the birth of civilizations . Beginning five hundred years ago , tools that leveraged our senses — telescope , microscopes and the later discovery of radio waves — gave us the scientific and industrial revolutions . Computers arriving in the 20th Century created the information revolution.Though largely forgotten today , in very ancient times technologies were also developed to leverage our souls : prayer , meditation , yoga , chi gong and others . And two pillars of righteous conduct were established by virtually all of the world ’s ethical system : be calm within yourself , and in that frame of mind be kind to all you encounter : Be calm , be kind.In our current tech-rich society we have to recover that model : be calm when you input your energy into a tool , and intend the output to produce kind actions . Imagine if the user manual for all tools began with the instructions : be calm ; be kind … In that spirit , we also need to reintegrate the two gold nuggets of ancient wisdom into our silicon society : the golden mean ( moderation ) and the golden rule ( do to other as you ’d wished done to you ) . We are running out of time , and we are either going to get past the current regime based on greed , gain and self-aggrandizement , where we are only the hapless tools of our tools , to something that accommodates both individual happiness and the common good.Or we will , with lemming-like efficiency , sail off a cliff of our own ingenuity . And the Feudal lords will be left with no serfs to take out the papers and the trash .	The Digital Revolution and the New Feudal Order
A California police department is investigating a gut-churning video posted to social media that shows a teen boy throwing a kitten across the street . The graphic video , which lasts less than 10 seconds , was posted to Snapchat , the Ontario ( Ca . ) Police Department said in a statement . Cops said a local 16-year-old , identified on the social media platform as “ Charlie ” , is the one believed to have lifted the animal with both hands before flinging it cruelly into the air . The kitten was seen hitting the ground , clearly in shock and pain . Although the suspect has yet to be found and arrested , cops say they located the cat ’s owner . “ The kitten survived the incident , but did suffer an injured leg , ” the agency said in a press release . “ The Inland Valley Human Society is assisting with the investigation and the care of the injured animal . ” The cat ’s owner , Perla , and her mother told NBC4 the video is too upsetting to watch . The cat is a stray they found four months ago and named “ Spots . ” The owner said she hopes the kitten tossing teen is charged with animal abuse . “ I just want him to know he hurt a victim that ca n’t defend itself , ” she said . Police said they are withholding the suspect ’s name due to his age – but neighbors say they know who he is . “ He hangs around here in the alley all the time , ” Oscar Ramos told CBSLA . “ They think they ’re cool . He probably did it just to look cool on video . ”	Police hunting cruel teen who threw a kitten in Snapchat video
Life is a heck of ride . Sometimes you ’re behind the wheel , other times , you ’re sitting shotgun holding the handle bar for your life . But no matter what , you have to take a hold of what life gives you and go along for the ride , no matter which position you are stuck in.Sitting in the passenger seat of Hailey ’s car has been such an incident . There I am , somehow dragged along I buckled in my seat belt , checked my will , and gripped the handle bar , ready for wherever our destination laid ahead . Fortunately , it was somewhere close , Delhi Kitchen , the local Indian place nearby and we were in it to win it . By it I mean drumsticks of course . At only $ 1 a piece , the prices were criminal . After several close encounters in the student parking lot , we entered the public roadways and prepared to take a turn for the worse as we navigated and swerved the streets of Carmel Mountain to find the sweet , sweet parking spot only a few steps from the shop , questioning if perhaps I need to draft my will now.The ignition key turned and finally , we were stopped . Sitting in “ shotgun ” , I felt like my own nervous system was shot as adrenaline coursed through my veins and my heart beat continued to beat faster than a bullet . I opened the door and what awaited me was the glorious scent of finely ground and cooked spices and herbs of India . I forgot what dreaded scene I had left and made my way into the store.Chicken vindaloo , Veggie Korma , Samosas , and more , an adventure of tastes were in store for me . I got the plate deal and ate the delicious servings of meat and sauces . After satisfying our own cravings , we began to make our way back to the Science Department and 911 ready on speed dial , I buckled in and prepared for the bumpy ride back . We arrived back alive . My prayers had been answered . I started a new trek back into the Science Department corridors and questioned , was there more to life than this?Life is always full of thrills and excitement . You never know what you will get and whether you will survive or not . But in this case , there was more to life , it was the fun experiences and excitement of emotions that take you from point A to B , it ’s the experience of the journey that takes you to where you need to be and it ’s that journey that gets you $ 1 chicken pieces.Where It All Started	One Hand On The Wheel , One Hand On The Drumstick
In Short : ADA ( #Cardano ) and WTC ( #Waltonchain ) be listed on Coinnest . Sign up for http://Coinnest.co.kr and receive ADA and WTC for free !!! ! EOS ( $ EOS ) — Public TestnetIn Short : EOS Public Testnet coming on 4th December — 4 weeks ahead of schedule ! Of course this got a lot of upvotes because everyone who follows a crypto-project is used to delays . But here we are . The devs are weeks ahead of schedule when it comes to starting a test-network and multi-core support.What to expectFrom a user perspective the testnet wo n’t probably bring that much to the table right at the beginning . At least , that is what I expect . It ’s great to know that there ’s a blockchain running but unless you interact with it there ’s not that much to see . For the Block Producers ( BPs ) there is a lot to learn though . EOS is quite a new concept and a new block every second ( or even every 500 ms ! ) is completely unknown in the world of smart contracts.In Short : New #IoP Core Wallet is comming countdown on http://iop.global/ #internetofpeople #cryptocurrency #blockchain #p2p #person2person #trueDAO #decentralization	Biggest CryptoCurrency Events Happening on December 4th , 2017
A SIX-year-old Muslim boy with Down 's syndrome was reported to the cops by a teacher who feared he was a terrorist . The little boy , whose father claims is mute , kept repeating " Allah " and " boom " in the classroom , the teacher claimed . Fox 26Now Mohammad Suleiman 's father has spoken out , saying the substitute teacher in the Texas elementary school discriminated against his son . Maher told Fox 26 his son was born with Down 's syndrome chromosome 21 and can not speak . He said the youngster has the mental capacity of a one-year-old . Of the claims made by the teacher he said : " It 's not true , he does n't speak at all . Fox 26 " She claimed he was a terrorist . " This is so stupid , it 's discrimination . Actually , it 's not implied discrimination , it 's actual discrimination . " The last three to four weeks have been the hardest of my life . " My wife and kids were crying a few days ago and I told them everything is fine . " A phonecall made by the teacher led the cops and Child Protective Services to look into the family from Pearland , Texas . The police later confirmed an investigation did take place but it was found there was no need for them to be involved . Child Protective Services is still said to be investigating the family . The Sun Online has approached the school for comment . Tina Yourelis said little Eli was put in a " calming room " room that looked like a " prison cell " and had no windows or toys after staff said he hit a dinner lady . We pay for your stories ! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team ? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too . Click here to upload yours .	Teacher ‘ reports boy , six , with Down ’s syndrome for TERRORISM ’ – even though his dad insists he ‘ can not speak ’
Sam Allardyce believes Gylfi Sigurdsson has struggled to cope with the pressure of playing for Everton and the manager plans to bring in a sports psychologist to address the mental frailties of his new charges . The Icelander became Everton ’s £ 45m club record buy , making him £ 17m more expensive than any previous signing at Goodison Park , when he arrived from Swansea in August and Allardyce feels he has found it difficult to adjust to the demands of life at a higher-profile club . Sigurdsson , who scored just his third goal for his new club in Saturday ’s 2-0 win against Huddersfield Town , had a two-season spell at Tottenham Hotspur before rejoining Swansea City but he was not burdened with the expectation that comes with such a huge price tag during his days at White Hart Lane . Allardyce thinks the transfer has brought a culture shock to the player who recorded the third most assists in the Premier League last season but who , because of his cost , has become the face of Everton ’s £ 140m summer recruitment drive . “ It is a big club , ” he explained . “ No disrespect to Swansea , you are playing on a bigger stage so you have to have a greater mentality to come out and produce because the demand is higher to play for Everton . “ All fans want entertaining but they want to see a level of ability , too . It is big pressure and a lot of the other players who have come from abroad because of the start of the season , [ and ] the Europa League , it has not given them a real opportunity to settle in and be able to produce at Everton so that is a disappointment . ” Sigurdsson ’s protracted move was finally completed on 16 August , depriving him of a pre-season with his new team-mates , and he had also missed Swansea ’s summer tour amid uncertainty about his future . Allardyce is convinced that rendered his start more difficult . “ Gylfi came so late because of the ongoing saga of ‘ How much will he be and will Swansea let him go ? Will they or wo n’t they ? ’” he said . “ In that time he was n’t really training with the first team and it was n’t happening for him in terms of a full pre-season . So he is on catch-up . ” Everton have seen only glimpses of Sigurdsson ’s ability amid a continuing debate about how to accommodate him and Wayne Rooney . The Icelander opened his account for his new club from 50 yards against Hajduk Split and scored again in spectacular style against Southampton last Sunday . A closer-range strike against Huddersfield had a rarity value . If he ranks as Everton ’s most expensive underachiever this season , he is far from the only one . While Huddersfield were defeated in part because of Allardyce ’s half-time rejig , his initial work has been concentrated more on the psychological than the tactical . Everton have endured the worst European group campaign of any English club and briefly dropped into the relegation zone in a traumatic start to the season under Ronald Koeman . While the caretaker David Unsworth had selected the side for Wednesday ’s 4-0 win over West Ham , Allardyce has sought to engineer improvement . “ I just had five minutes and talked about a few pointers about how you get better , ” he added . He has forged a reputation as both a man-manager and a motivator but has always been willing to call upon experts in specific fields . “ Eventually there will not only be us who deliver psychologically , in terms of wanting to make the players stronger mentally , ” he said . “ I would actually try and find them a sports psychologist because I think that will be very important . If the brain is clear and positive before the lads go out , then they produce a positive performance . If the brain is clouded and doubtful , you do n’t see the player produce the abilities he has got . That has obviously been seen on a couple of occasions here with the lack of confidence from the lack of results . But there is nothing better than two wins on the trot . ” This article originally appeared on The Guardian	Struggling Gylfi Sigurdsson embodies Everton ’s malaise for Sam Allardyce
Duke ( 6-6 , ACC ) vs. Northern Illinois ( 8-4 , Mid-American ) , Dec. 26 , 5:15 p.m. EST ( ESPN ) . LOCATION : DetroitTOP PLAYERSDuke : Sophomore QB Daniel Jones has thrown for 2,439 yards and 12 TDs and rushed for an additional six scores.Northern Illinois : DE Sutton Smith has been named one of five finalists for the 2017 Ted Hendricks Award . Smith leads the FBS in sacks with 14 and tackles for loss with 28.5 . NOTABLEDuke : The Blue Devils became bowl-eligible by beating Georgia Tech and Wake Forest in the final two weeks of the regular season , overcoming double-digit deficits in both games . RBs Brittain Brown and Shaun Wilson have combined for 1,403 yards rushing and 11 touchdowns.Northern Illinois : The Huskies posted a three-game improvement from a year ago and will play in a bowl game for the ninth time in 10 seasons.LAST TIMEIt will be the first meeting between the teams.BOWL HISTORYDuke : Blue Devils will be playing in their fifth bowl game in six seasons and have an all-time record of 4-8 in the postseason.Northern Illinois : The Huskies are 4-7 all-time in bowl games but have lost four straight since 2011 .	Quick Lane Bowl Matchup
Video of an aggressive thief who followed a woman into her Greenwich Village apartment building and robbed her in the lobby was released Sunday by police . The 30-second video shows the terrifying moment when the man pushed himself into the 32-year-old victim as she opened the door to her apartment near Grove and Bedford Streets Saturdayat 11 p.m. , police said . The victim ’s face is blurred in the video to protect her identity , but the robber is seen pushing her up against the wall , grabbing a chunk of the back of her hair and speaking menacingly into her ear . Several seconds into the crime , two people carrying grocery bags appear at the door . The video shows the thief turning at them to glare – and the would-be helpers suddenly backing away in fear . Cops say the unidentified suspect grabbed the woman ’s hand bag before fleeing eastbound on Grove Street towards 7th Avenue . The bag was later thrown on the ground and recovered with all its contents . There were no reported injuries . The male is described as Black and was last seen wearing a black and gray ski cap with a New York logo , a green jacket , green pants , black boots . He carried a black backpack with gray “ Adidas ” logo .	Scary video shows mugger attacking woman in her building
I started trading in Bitcoin with $ 300 two months ago , and I ’ve already tripled my money . This article goes over the simple steps I took to get started investing with Bitcoin.I was lucky enough to jump in when BTC was trading at $ 4,000 USD , and as of this writing , it is $ 10,800 USD . I have withdrawn my principal investment , and the profits are what I have been using to continue investing.First , a disclaimer : I ’m not much of an investor , but I am smart enough to jump on a bandwagon when there ’s this much activity going on . I ’m also smart enough to learn the things I need to know about something new , but even then , learning about blockchain was intimidating.Step 1 : Blockchain BasicsBefore you get into Bitcoin investing , it ’s good to learn the basics of how the Blockchain works . Watch this video : Or this one : Got the basics ? Good.Step 2 : Open a Coinbase accountCoinbase is the most user-friendly method to converting your cash into Bitcoin . Coinbase has three advantages : You can deposit funds with your credit card.The graphs are really visually appealing.You can trade between 3 types of cryptocurrencies : Bitcoin , Ethereum , and Litecoin.The transaction fees are high ( 4 % ) so this is n’t a good site to use for day trading . However , before getting into high-volume transactions , you just have to get a bitcoin into your BTC wallet , and Coinbase makes this easy to do.If you find this article helpful , please use my affiliate link to open your Coinbase account . At no cost to you , Coinbase will give us each $ 10 USD of free Bitcoin . https://stellarplatforms.com/coinbaseStep 3 : Verify your Coinbase account.You will need to verify your email address , and if you are linking a bank account , verify ownership through micro-deposits . This could take a day or two , so be patient.Step 4 : Make a deposit.Once you have deposited at least $ 100 USD ( and we each get $ 10 USD of free Bitcoin , yay ! ) then you can make your first trade.Step 5 : Buy Bitcoin.You can buy Bitcoin , Litecoin , or Ethereum through Coinbase . Pick one , any one , just get started.Keep in mind , Coinbase does take a 4 % fee for every transaction you make , so this is not a platform for high volume trading . Right now , we are just getting you Bitcoin into your BTC wallet . If you want to make money on trading , there are 2 easy options to choose from below.Congratulations ! You now own Bitcoin.You can sit on it , and deposit a modest amount every month ; or , when you are ready , you can grow your money faster using one of the 2 methods below.Option 1 : Limit Orders at Bitstamp.Bitstamp ( https://www.bitstamp.net ) is one of the few places where you can buy Ripple ( XRP ) as of this writing , and that ’s why I chose this cryptocurrency exchange . The fees are very low — 0.25 % per trade — making this an ideal place to practice your trading skills.To get Bitcoin into your Bitstamp account : Go to Bitstamp - &gt; Deposit - &gt; BitcoinCopy the Address for your BTC WalletGo to Coinbase - &gt; Accounts - &gt; BTC Wallet - &gt; SendPaste the address , select the amount , and sendThis allows you to transfer from Coinbase to Bitstamp , and the record of this transaction is on the Blockchain . ( You watched those videos above , right ? Good , then you know how this works . ) High Volume Ripple TradingRipple has a lot of potential — it ’s one of the cryptocurrencies that is getting vetted by major financial banks , as a potential transition onto the blockchain . Because of this , it ’s looked down upon by hard-crypto advocates , but for my money , I am happy to invest in something that gets mass-adoption . The biggest reason I am interested in Ripple is : it has the highest volume of any cryptocurrency . This means lots of people are buying and selling it , and the price fluctuates ( a lot ) around the $ 0.25 USD range . This makes it a great candidate for basic day trading.Bitstamp allows many advanced types of trading orders , but there ’s only one I ’m going to introduce : Limit Orders.A Limit Order can automate your ‘ Buy Low , Sell High ’ formula to profiting off of your investment . Here ’s how it works : When making a Limit Order , you can define the price at which you want to buy , and if the price falls to that level , you make a trade at that price . ( The ‘ Advanced ’ option on the Limit Order opens a second box , to ‘ Sell If Executed , ’ which automatically opens another order if the first order happens . ) This means that you can profit from the volatility of the prices , by setting up some simple orders . In the example above , you can invest $ 100 in XRP at 0.25 , and set a Sell Limit Order of 0.26 with a Buy if Executed follow-up order of 0.24 . This simple formula will earn you 7.5 % on your $ 100 investment.With the volatility of XRP , if the price reaches 0.24 and 0.26 in the same day , you can earn 7.5 % on your investment every day.Buy it when it gets low — automatically.Sell it when it gets high — automatically.Then , when you do this a second time , you have the profits from your first trade assisting you . Easy , right?But the disadvantage here is , you have to go in and manually set up these open orders all the time . Unless , that is , you use a bot.Option 2 : Bot TradingSome very smart programmers have automated the ‘ buy low , sell high ’ formula into high-frequency trading algorithms . I ’m sure there are a bunch of them out there , and they have lots of advantages and disadvantages , but I just recently started with Hexabot and immediately saw results.If you find this article helpful , please use my affiliate link to open your Hexabot account . At no cost to you , Hexabot will give us each some free Bitcoin . https://stellarplatforms.com/hexabotYou will need to transfer Bitcoin or Litecoin from your Coinbase account.Go to Hexabot - &gt; Wallet - &gt; Bitcoin - &gt; DepositCopy your wallet address.Go to Coinbase - &gt; Accounts - &gt; BTC Wallet - &gt; SendPaste your wallet address.Send the amount you wish to deposit.You will need to select one of the 3 bots that Hexabot uses . I put some of my previous profits in here , let it sit for two weeks , and then sent my principal back to my Coinbase account . Now I ’ve just got profits making profits in Hexabot.DisclaimerI ’m not a financial professional . I do n’t know much about trading . I ’m just a guy who was able to scrape together a couple hundred bucks , and turned it into a couple hundred more in Bitcoin . If my advice sounds good to you , compare it with other advice on the internet ( there is plenty ) before making a decision . Caveat emptor , yo .	Bitcoin Newbie ’s Guide
WACO , Texas ( AP ) — Baylor coach Kim Mulkey has n't always been happy with the energy her starting lineup plays with to start games.The No . 9 Lady Bears had no problem getting started Sunday when taking on another national power , No . 16 Stanford , and being cheered on by a season-best crowd of more than 8,000 fans.Kalani Brown had 28 points and Baylor scored the game 's first nine points , leading throughout in an 81-57 victory over the Cardinal . " The first five are the ones who have the most experience . That 's what I 've decided to go with , and they sometimes do n't get off to the fastest of starts , " Mulkey said . " The fastest of starts means the energy , the defensive assignments , the effort . All five of them , I thought today that they did . " Brown was 12 for 16 from the floor and beat the Cardinal with postups , drives to the basket and shots from the top of the key.Lauren Cox and Kristy Wallace added double-doubles for Baylor ( 7-1 ) . Cox had 15 points and 15 rebounds , while Wallace had 15 points , 10 rebounds and seven assists . " Kristy Wallace , no turnovers , almost played 40 minutes in the game , almost had a triple-double , " Mulkey said . " She did n't try to do too much , she made the right passes , she made hustle plays . She may have had her finest game in her career at Baylor . " Stanford ( 5-4 ) struggled to find anything inside and made only 20 of 68 shots ( 29 percent ) overall , including only 10 of 38 ( 26 percent ) on 3-pointers . " The first quarter was disappointing , " Stanford coach Tara VanDerveer said . " We have an extremely young team that is just learning how to play . This early season has really been baptism by fire , and we were beaten clearly by a better team . " All four of Stanford 's losses this season have come in their only games against Top 25 teams.Baylor outrebounded Stanford 55-39 and held a 54-18 advantage in the paint.Center Shannon Coffee led Stanford with 14 points off the bench , but four of her five made field goals were 3-pointers . Kiana Williams scored Stanford 's first 10 points and finished with 13 , well above her season average of 4.9 points per game.It was the second home game in a row that the Lady Bears dominated a ranked team , coming after a 90-63 victory over No . 20 Kentucky on Thursday.BIG PICTUREStanford : Brown and Cox proved to be a problem for the Cardinal inside with more than their production . They also got starting forwards Kaylee Johnson and Alanna Smith in major foul trouble early . Johnson and Smith both three fouls before halftime . Smith managed to work around that and finished with 11 points , but Johnson fouled out with 7:32 to go in the third quarter.Baylor : The energy from the Lady Bears overwhelmed Stanford early . They compounded the 9-0 opening run by scoring 15 of the game 's first 18 points and led 25-8 at the end of the first quarter . Baylor got out of its offensive flow at times in the second and early in the third quarter , thanks in large part to questionable shot selection that allowed the Cardinal to get back within eight with 8:14 to go in the third . But the Lady Bears regrouped and got back to taking the ball inside to pull away.NEXT YEAR IN CALIThe Lady Bears will return the favor with a road game against Stanford next year . When asked about that , VanDeveer said she was n't thinking that far ahead , but added , " Brown does n't graduate , does she ? " and joked that maybe Baylor 's junior center should jump to the WNBA early.POLL IMPLICATIONSAll of Stanford 's losses have come against Top-10 teams ( Connecticut , twice to Ohio State and Baylor ) . It 's does n't get much easier with home games against No . 12 Tennessee and No . 7 UCLA still left before Pac-12 play . Baylor made a statement with its two wins this week and will likely move up.UP NEXTStanford has 12 days off before playing Dec. 16 at home against UNLV.Baylor will remain home to face North Dakota on Tuesday night before an eight-day layoff .	Brown helps No . 9 Baylor women beat No . 16 Stanford 81-57
( Mentally ) Log Your EmotionsIn my current work , I ’m often helping my team review and make sense of server logs whenever some problem or outage happens , in order to perform a root cause analysis . They look something like this : It looks like something a robot would read ( because it is ) , and it sometimes feels like staring into a void ( because you are ) , but the internal narrative one gets from deep diving into all of the internally recorded events from a given system is fundamentally different than what can be gleaned by recounting post-hoc observations made from an external perspective.In my personal life , I practice continuous improvement by meditating , journaling , and reflecting daily . I also read almost any chance that I get , in order to broaden my knowledge in different areas , or to add depth in an area in which I ’m already familiar . One persistent theme in my reading is the importance of controlling of one ’s emotions in order to make rational , dispassionate decisions.As such , in order to augment my ongoing reflection , I ’ve begun mentally logging my emotions to review in depth at the end of each day . The key here is to observe what emotions you ’re feeling when you feel them and not to analyze them as they ’re happening . My goal is to attain similar insights as when I am looking through server logs when trying to uncover the root cause of some event . I do not believe that our brains ’ inner workings are so similar to a server ’s operations , but I do think the deep introspection that a system administrator performs on a system , tracing the possible origins and purpose of each event , is a useful practice to emulate when attempting to increase one ’s mindfulness , and perhaps , gain a deeper understanding of why we sometimes feel the way we do . ( Mentally ) log your own emotions to aid in your reflection on the root cause of their origins .	( Mentally ) Log Your Emotions
After heavily frustrating war losses , a lot of Arabs dreamed of seeing Egyptian MIGs unleashing bombs over Tel Aviv . Instead , only one aircraft departed from Egypt towards that destination and , instead of explosions , it unleashed a controversial president holding out an olive branch in his hand . Mr. Sadat was not bribed into becoming a part of an unprecedented peace accord with Israel . Yes , it 's true , he got something in return , actually 4 main things , but it would be unfair to use the term " bribed . " The wars on Israel had taken their toll on Egypt . Having their large army defeated again by that of a small state was something that ate away national and patriotic pride . But , that was not Egypt 's main problem at the time . The economy was what hurt the people most . There were shortages of basic goods and poverty was on the rise . Mr. Sadat was no angel when it came to dictatorial-style ruling . He imprisoned domestic opposition - he had harsh secret police in place . Still , the man was a proud military officer and he loved his country . He loved it so much that he engaged it in a peace accord which , eventually , ended up in his assassination . The first main objective accomplished by the peace initiative was clearly the repatriation of Sinai . That gave Mr. Sadat 's peace move a shy domestic approval . Naturally , people would have favored the liberation of Sinai to be done through a heroic military campaign but it happened by other means and at no tangible cost . Egypt was whole again . The second main objective was the nourishment of the economy . Having done what the United States desired and what Israel longed for , meant instant aid that was projected to continue in the long run . President Carter became the US president who had achieved what seemed to be impossible . He also put Camp David on the historical map of peace . Israel got its recognition by a major Arab force . Egypt was able to take a breath of fresh air . The third main objective was on the personal side . He wanted to prove himself as a man of versatile resolve and a leader of futuristic outlooks . He had tried war ; the experience from that allowed him to calculate expenses and the levels of loyalties of allies in the region . He did not seem to be impressed by the results of his calculations . From where he stood , it was plain to see that Israel was there to stay and that it was able to offer what instigating " friends " could never give : Stability . His fourth main objective was even more personal . It had to do with a lot of pride and a little vengeance . The Gulf Arab partners were not sticking to the ethics of the unwritten deal . They ignored his pleads for economic assistance . Mr. Sadat felt betrayed by them ; he had spearheaded the Arab war in 1973 causing his nation to further lose the western world 's favor only to find that the rich Sheikhs of the gulf were not willing to help relieve Egypt like they could . His pride did n't allow him to plead with them anymore and he wanted to teach them a lesson in loyalties . Memory brings back the Arab street feeling spiritless when Mr. Sadat signed the Camp David peace accord and it brings back the site of the same street celebrating his assassination . It also brings back the caricatures of the Egyptian president dressed like a rabbi with writings calling him a traitor , a coward , and a weakling . What memory does n't bring back , though , is any of those people helping Egypt regain Sinai or sending shipments of grain . Egypt is a proud nation . Egypt is where architectural marvels of gigantic proportions were built during a time when most other cultures were still toddlers . Egypt is education and fine arts . Egypt bridged the gap between Persia and the Arabs . Egypt is the center of the Islamic heart of Al Azhar . The same deception and forsaking strategies that led Egypt to extend a hand towards Israel four decades ago are present today in the face of Syria . The major Persian Gulf players have put President Assad in the same corner they had pushed President Sadat against . Sadat wanted Sinai and stability . Assad wants the Golan and stability . Sadat declared readiness for peace from Jerusalem . Assad declared it from Sochi . Jimmy Carter is not available anymore to seize the moment with Syria for peace , but Vladimir Putin is . And , what is so ideal about this seasoned political superman is the fact that his voice echoes well in the Iranian capital . As for the United States , it 's very possible that they are beginning to share France 's dismay with the politically immature and rogue gulf lords . It will be a very difficult peace path but it 's there to be walked and the best results are always reached after a lot of striving . Disclaimer : The views and opinions expressed in this blog article are those of the author ( s ) and do not necessarily reflect the official position or viewpoint of The Jerusalem Post . Blog authors are NOT employees , freelance or salaried , of The Jerusalem Post . | |	Show us Another Begin and take a new Sadat
Unsplash Ambassador Clem Onojeghuo recently hosted a photowalk in the city of London . Here Clem shares some photos and thoughts on the event.One of the highlights for me this year has got to be the recent London Unsplash photowalk meetup . We were blessed with some glorious sunshine and the turnout was very good , considering I was a bit late in putting the advert out . ( I would get a bit more organized for the next one , promise ! ) . Once everyone had arrived , we spent a few minutes doing that all important meet and greet as you do . The group comprised of a range photographic abilities and occupations including someone who worked for Facebook.My piece-de-resistance for the day was then unleashed the … Unsplash goody bag , filled with lots of Unsplash treats , everyone received a sticker and a lapel pin , which they were all very pleased with.We started off at just outside St Pauls Cathedral and made our way over the millennium bridge , stopping to take a few pictures of the London cityscape . Then we made our way into the Tate Gallery again for some classic photos.Leaving the Tate we headed down the Southbank , going through the skatepark , the national theatre and finally ending up at the international food market . We even did a spot of celebrity spotting along the way , bumping into the infamous George Galloway.We had an awesome time getting to know each other , and taking great photos.Looking forward to the next London Unsplash Meetup , details would be announced soon !	London Photowalk with Clem Onojeghuo
ATHENS , Ga. ( AP ) — Ariel Atkins had 17 points and nine rebounds , Jatarie White added 13 points and No . 2 Texas cruised to an 81-53 victory over Georgia on Sunday.Brooke McCarty and Lashann Higgs each scored 12 points as the Longhorns ( 7-0 ) dominated on both ends of the floor . Texas ' defense kept the Lady Bulldogs from getting to the rim and from generating any momentum beyond the arc . And the Longhorns had nearly everything working offensively in their half-court sets and fast-break chances.Mackenzie Engram finished with 17 points and was the only player to score in double figures for Georgia ( 7-1 ) , which made it to the free-throw line just eight times and shot 17.6 percent on 17 3-point attempts.Texas was at its best late in the second quarter after Georgia pulled with 10 on Gabby Connally 's layup . Atkins blocked a shot and fed Hosey for a layup . Hosey and Sutton each had a steal and a quick layup as the Longhorns closed the first half on a 9-0 run to lead by 19 . The Longhorns , who lead the nation in scoring , hit seven of their first 11 shots from the field to go up 22-9 at the end of the first quarter . Georgia pulled within seven in the second on Connally 's 3 , but the Lady Bulldogs could n't overcome having three starters — Caliya Robinson , Que Morrison and Haley Clark — in foul trouble through most of the first half.BIG PICTURETexas : The Longhorns ' roster has plenty of depth , and it 's about to get even better when Joyner Holmes , the 2016 Big 12 freshman of the year , returns to the team on Dec. 23 following an NCAA rules violation that was revealed in July . Holmes averaged 12.1 points and a team-best 8.2 rebounds and played a big role in the Longhorns advancing to a third straight Sweet 16 . Georgia : In their first big game of the season , the Lady Bulldogs got just four points from Robinson , their leading scorer this season , and had a combined 15 points from three other starters . Coach Joni Taylor will use a nearly two-week break to respond to all the weaknesses exposed by Texas . The Lady Bulldogs have five games left before the Southeastern Conference part of the season starts.UP NEXTTexas : At No . 12 Tennessee next Sunday.Georgia : At North Carolina A&amp;T on Dec. 14 .	Atkins , White lead No . 2 Texas to easy win over Georgia
ALEXANDRA Burke suffered an epic meltdown backstage at Strictly last night after being voted into the bottom two . The former X Factor star , 29 , was seen in floods of tears after competing against EastEnders actor Davood Ghadami , 35 , for a place in the semi-final . PA : Press AssociationA show source said : “ Alexandra was sobbing and shaking in the green room after the dance-off . “ She could n’t understand why the public had voted her into the bottom two for the second week in a row despite getting great scores . “ She had to be reassured by Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman , she seemed inconsolable . ” Alexandra was joint top of the leader board at 39 points with Debbie McGee , 59 , and Giovanni Pernice , 27 , before the public vote on Saturday night . PA : Press AssociationSpeaking at the end of the show he thanked blonde bombshell Nadiya Bychkova for being a “ great teacher ” . He said : “ She ’s done brilliant choreography , she ’s a brilliant dancer and she ’s a great teacher and now she ’s a really good friend and I ’m so privileged to have met her , thank you . ”	Strictly Come Dancing star Alexandra Burke had backstage meltdown over ending up in bottom two
Do n’t pay big $ $ $ for Intercom or Drift when you ’re just starting out ! Get live chat on your website for free , integrated with your Facebook page . All without a developer account.How does Live Chat work?Live chat allows you to instantly communicate with your website visitors via instant messaging . The chat simply appears within their browser window , and the website visitor can chat with an operator by typing into the live chat box.Most startups are using Intercom or Drift.But that does n’t mean you ’re ready for those tools just yet . You should start to think about this when you reach a few hundred paying customers , and are feeling some pain points with your initial / free setup.Intercom is an AMAZING product . For startups with paying customers . But I do n’t got $ 100/mo to add Live Chat to every side project I start.SolutionUse your Facebook page as a lightweight CRM , and integrate Facebook Messenger as a live chat solution!Wow ! That ’s a lot for Live Chat if you ’re just starting out!Bonus Feature : Bot SupportSomething I do n’t hear a lot of people talking about is Bot Support . If you want to create a facebook messenger bot , you can add Bot Support , embedded directly on your website.If you ’re looking for an easy , DIY solution to creating your own chat bot , I would suggest checking out Chat Fuel ( Free ) . How to set it upPrerequisitesMost obviously , you need to create a Facebook Page for your website or business . Click Here to view instructions on Facebook.com.You ’ll need you Facebook Page ID . Follow the instructions below to retrieve that.You ’ll need to whitelist your domain name on your facebook page . We ’ll show you how in the guide below.You ’ll need to embed a snippet of code on the pages where you wish to display your widget.You should consider setting up notifications on your mobile &amp; in email for when customers message you , as well as downloading the Messenger App for your phone .1 . Retrieve your Facebook Page IDFirst , you ’ll need to retrieve your Facebook page ID . You can do this by navigating to your page , clicking on the About tab , and scrolling to the bottom of the page . There , you will see your page ID ( It should be a number ) . Alternatively , you can type the name of your facebook page into this website and find your numerical facebook page ID .2 . Whitelist your DomainNext , you ’ll need to navigate to the “ MESSENGER PLATFORM ” tab and whitelist your domain . Type in both the HTTP : / / and HTTPS : / / variants of your domain to ensure it works for 100 % of users . Click the SAVE button.Alternatively , you can use this website to find your facebook ID .3 . Embed a snippet of code in your websiteNow , our final step , is to embed a small snippet of code on our website . You should place it just before the closing &lt; / body &gt; tag of your webpage , or use a tag manager , like Google Tag Manager or Gumshoe.io . &lt; div class = " fb-customerchat " page_id = " &lt; ENTER-YOUR-FACEBOOK-ID-HERE &gt; " minimized = " true " &gt; &lt; / div &gt; &lt; script &gt; window.fbAsyncInit = function { FB.init ( { appId : ' 912333495590130 ' , autoLogAppEvents : true , xfbml : true , version : ' v2 .11 ' } ) ; } ; ( function ( d , s , id ) { var js , fjs = d.getElementsByTagName ( s ) [ 0 ] ; if ( d.getElementById ( id ) ) { return ; } js = d.createElement ( s ) ; js.id = id ; js.src = " https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js" ; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore ( js , fjs ) ; } ( document , ' script ' , ' facebook-jssdk ' ) ) ; &lt; / script &gt; Note , you ’re going to have to replace your facebook page id with your own.Optionally , you can create a facebook App from the developer ’s portal and replace your facebook App ID as well ( the above code uses ours ) . Final result : Additional Setting : Messenger widget open by defaultFacebook also gives you the ability to open your chat widget by default on page load . It looks like this : This is what your embedded widget should look like once you ’ve completed these steps.Just change minimized = ” true ” to minimized = ” false ” in your code snippet . &lt; div class = " fb-customerchat " page_id = " &lt; ENTER-YOUR-FACEBOOK-ID-HERE &gt; " minimized = " false " &gt; &lt; / div &gt; Bonus : Aligning the widget left instead of rightYou can add this snippet of code , along with your other snippet of code , to align the widget left instead of right : &lt; style &gt; #fb - root &gt; div.fb _ dialog.fb _ dialog_advanced . fb_shrink_active { right : initial ! important ; left : 18 pt ; z-index : 9999999 ! important ; } . fb-customerchat . fb_invisible_flow . fb_iframe_widget iframe { right : initial ! important ; left : 18 pt ! important ; } &lt; / style &gt; Thats it!I hope you enjoyed this article . Thanks for reading !	How to add Facebook Live Chat to your Website
This module has been about the new literacies that have come up with our new technology . While the same literacies , 3 R ’s ( reading , ‘ rithmatic , ‘ riting ) are still there , the ability to continue with 3R ’s and navigate the vast amount of information and formats it is in , brings in new literacies . I read an article in the spring about metaliteracy . ( details &amp; source info about the article later ) It takes the regular literacies , and uses the term metaliteracy to incorporate the importance of critical thinking and the use of web 2.0 tools ( social media , internet , etc ) to build what we our asking our students to do now . This seems to incorporate all that we are talking about in this module and this course.We still need our students to read and write , but it is in different formats than we are use to , which I do n’t feel diminishes learning to read and write . Our students have so many formats to read , write , learn , create , make that we need to embrace that and help them learn to navigate it all . And an important piece now , is that we need to help guide them in learning how to decipher and decide what things are true or not . This is the critical piece , not everything you find is dependable . So our students are tasked with important critical thinking/evaluating at a much younger age than we were , as everything is accessible at their finger tips . And with data tracking , kids can find themselves in a data bubble and have no idea … I did n’t really get that until this class.I appreciated the article and video by Wesch ( timely as we chose ANTH101 dialogue before we know he would be a focus for week 14 ) about being knowledge-able . This also led to some interesting discussions in hypothes.is and I appreciated the insight from Leyna , Amy , Arielle , Holly and others . There was a sort of frustration ( it felt to me ) this week in discussions ( week 14 ) about the article/videos and sense of diminishing the idea that basic literacies do n’t matter any longer . While I can understand the frustrations , I do still believe those literacies are at the heart of what we are doing still , but can be taught/learned embracing the technology that is not going away.There were also some great creations this module as well . As usual , daily creates were very creative ! I connect with Holly and her coat of arms - Queen of Exhaustion … that has been me for several months , but particularly the beginning of November . Whew ! And on a side note , Holly shares some great things on Twitter!My favorite this module has been Robin ’s AI story that has been living out on twitter ! I sometimes just check Twitter to see if there is a new part of the story and what I get to vote on ! That has been really fun to keep up with . I ’m excited to read her blog about the whole process this week!Metaliteracy article info : Jacobsen , T. E. , &amp; Mackey , T. P. ( 2013 ) . Proposing a metaliteracy model to redefine information literacy . Communications in Information Literacy , 7 ( 2 ) , 84 – 91 . Retrieved from http://files.eric.ed.gov/fulltext/EJ1089056.pdfChallengeSketchnote ( Week 13 ) Tools Used : Filamore , FilamoreGo , Hyperlapse , iPhone camera , Word , saw , drill , screws , zipties , and my husband ’s ingenuity.I decided on my topic for my sketchnote after I read the article this week , Confronting the Challenges of Participatory Culture : Media Education for the 21st Century . In the article they mention that they would talk about 10 ways to accomplish media education . But at the end of the article I could n’t easily identify 10 ways . While they mentioned a few , play , role-play etc , there was definatley not 10 and I did n’t feel like I could go and implement something in my classroom after the article . So I decided to make a sketchnote discussion 5 ways to build the 4 C ’s in our students . Hopefully giving people ( and myself ) some ideas to try and or research to try out.In making the sketchnote , I spent a lot of time figuring out what 5 things I wanted to use and research them a bit . Then I translated my notes into a sketchnote . I did the sketchnote several ways and times to find my final product . Then I made my final version so I could copy it for the recorded version.When I was ready to record , I went and asked my husband if he could film it for me . This was not answered with enthusiasm , as the idea of 10 – 20 mins of standing and holding my phone to record me ( with 2 kids running wildly around ) did not seem like a winning combination . So he developed a plan to build me a rough stand to hold my phone . ( Picture included at the top ) While the building and perfecting of the phone stand took longer than it would of taken to hold the phone and film me , it was a worth while investment and creation . My own rudimentary document “ camera ” . I recorded it with the Hyperlapse app , then converted it to adjust the speed of it . This was super easy , as it does NOT record sound , as I had my kids running back and forth asking me questions as I was recording , WHEW ! The app worked slick ! I then found a video app , FilamoreGo , to put it all together . I uploaded the app on my phone and tried about 6 times to insert the video , an opening heading , picture of my sources , a credit end slide , and music . If I did n’t click on them in the correct order it would n’t let me move them ( but it was suppose to ) . The inserting of the heading or credit slide made the app freeze EVERY . TIME . Then I tried to edit the ones in the draft folder and it would n’t let me edit them.Soooooooo , I downloaded the free version for my Mac . This worked MUCH better ! Similar to iMovie but a bit more user friendly , with easy to click on help info , that gave me quick instructions on how to do something . I went with the free version and was so excited for the final product and downloaded it . I opened the download to watch … . but the video had FILMORE in dark , watermark letters across 2/3 of my video . This made being able to read what was being written very difficult . Bugger!I ended up buying the subscription , which ended up being a 1-time fee ( so they say ) but then I got the nice clear video that I could upload to YouTube.In hindsight , I should of added dialogue with the video as my writing was going for some more details and insight . And if I could of zoomed in on each section of writing , that would have been easier . But for my very first attempt at sketchnote , I felt like it went well . It did highlight my lack of drawing ability and creativity though . But Leyna mentioned she liked my grit drawing . Thanks Leyna!Another note , sketchnote might not be the best note taking path for me . The final sketchnote took me 5 times longer than just writing normal notes . But it could be good for retention from notes . I might try it with my 5 &amp; 6th grade students on a fun project and see what they come up with.Note : Week 15 ’s challenge , I am combining into my final challenge … . my family digital ethnography . Here ’s a little snipet , blast from the past , if you will.DialogueANTH101 dialogue with Shar and Paul . This was a fun dialogue with Shar and Paul . Again , two classmates I have not interacted with , so it was fun to meet and discuss with them.ANTH 101 is a pretty cool site and concept . I really appreciate all Professor Wesch has done to create this and share it with everyone , at no cost . Learning more about ourselves and each other to build a better understanding for our world and our neighbors is something we can use . A way to connect with people , again something we ( and myself ) can use.I like the design of the site , makes it easy to navigate . I did feel a couple of the things are repetitive . I noticed a couple locations go to the exact same thing ( video ) that can be viewed on the main page . So not sure if there is something more planned for when they click or not . That was my only minor , minor disappointment . I love that Wesch does all his own intro videos on each and then brings in other videos and readings to focus on the main focus for the lesson.I would like to take his course on my own after I finish my masters . But I do think , as a student , you could potentially get even more from this course if you were to take it in person , than you would as an online , paid course , or as a personal course for free . But I ’ll see how I feel after I get into the course . Maybe I can convince my husband and some friends to take it with me for some discussions and feedback . Arielle had mentioned wanting to be able to connect and discuss ANTH101 after her masters is over as well , which would be fun!Daily CreatesWeek 13 - tdc2135 Red Element Used the free , iPiccy , to create this . They even had a 6-step , easy tutorial on how to insert a color element . Was fun to play with and has lots of easy great options to edit photos . Signed in with my Facebook account ( more data tracking … sigh ) . I used a close-up picture from the amazing mosaic we have at the entrance of our school and center of our commons area.Week 14 - tdc2155 Garnish Wild Color Mix - This one they had you play with colors searching with the website http://labs.tineye.com/multicolr/ . This was pretty cool site ! You could search up to 5 colors and choose the % of color mix . Pretty cool ! I choose 80 % red and 20 % green , Christmasy colors . I really like when they give you sites to explore to create something . It like learning about other things I had no idea were out there and then creating with them.How Was I Challenged/Biggest Stretch?This week ’s biggest stretch was , again , fighting with technology . The plan seemed so smooth with my sketchnote , and it started out pretty well . Hitting the speedbumps with building a recording stand , FilmoreGo not working , and Filmore watermarks , were definitely frustrating . I found found , several times this semester , that the product I ’m using , I end up spending $ $ in order to get things to work . I guess that is how they suck you in … offering something cool , but not quite working or allowing things you need/want unless you pay.The sketchnote was a pretty big stretch for me as well . I ’m a basic note taker and am fine with just rereading my notes and getting things from there . I love watching other ’s sketchnotes and get a lot from them , but for me to move notes into a more visual , creative role was a pretty big stretch . While I made it more visual , I still could n’t get the pictures , illustrations to really come alive , that was kind of disappointing . But I made a couple pictures and the general format was more visual and not my usual linear format just down a page.Looking forward to building my final project and continuing lively discussions with all!My sketchnote recording stand … and helpersMy daughter Abby ( 2017 ) top , me ( 1980 ) bottom left , my mom ( 1952 ) bottom right	New Literacies , but Still Basic Skills ?
LAFCA/AMPAS Will the winners of the New York Film Critics ’ Circle awards parlay those victories into Oscars or at least nominations ? Based on an analysis of the 42-year history of these kudos , not all of the LAFCA picks can expect to hear their names called when Academy Awards nominations are announced on Jan. 23 , 2018 . As to whether they will win on March 4 , 2018 that remains even less certain . BEST PICTUREFor the last two years running , the LAFCA pick for best pic — “ Moonlight ” ( 2016 ) and “ Spotlight ” ( 2015 ) — has gone on to win the top Oscar . Before that , LAFCA last aligned with the academy in 2009 , the first year of the expanded Best Picture race , when both bodies went with “ The Hurt Locker . ” Prior to that , the last time that the L.A. critics predicted the top Oscar winner was way back in 1993 when “ Schindler ’s List ” ran the board , also winning NYFCC and NBR before triumphing at the Oscars . The other Best Picture winners that were recognized first by these west coast critics were : “ One Flew Over the Cuckoo ’s Nest ” ( 1975 , tied with “ Dog Day Afternoon ” here ) ; “ Rocky ” ( 1976 , tied with “ Network ” here ) ; “ Kramer vs. Kramer ” ( 1979 ) ; “ Amadeus ” ( 1984 ) and “ Unforgiven ” ( 1992 ) . BEST DIRECTORThe LA critics have previewed the academy ’s pick for Best Director 14 times , with the most recent of these being in in 2013 when Alfonso Cuaron won both awards for his helming of “ Gravity . ” Last year LAFCA liked the direction by Barry Jenkins of its top winner “ Moonlight ” while the Oscar went to Damien Chazelle ( “ La La Land ” ) who had been the runner-up here . BEST ACTORThey ’ve gotten Best Actor right 21 out of 42 times . However , their choices for the last three years — Adam Driver ( “ Paterson , ” 2016 ) , Michael Fassbender ( “ Steve Jobs , ” 2015 ) and Tom Hardy ( “ Locke , ” 2014 ) — were not on Oscars radar . The 2013 winner with the L.A. crowd , Bruce Dern ( “ Nebraska ” ) , did reap an Oscar bid while 2012 pick Joaquin Phoenix was a surprise Oscar nominee for “ The Master . In 2011 , Fassbender was not nominated by the academy for any of his cited leading performances ( “ A Dangerous Method , ” “ Jane Eyre , ” “ Shame ” and “ X-Men : First Class ” ) . The last time the L.A. critics foresaw an Oscar champ was in 2010 with Colin Firth ( “ The King ’s Speech ” ) . BEST ACTRESSIn 2013 , Cate Blanchett ( “ Blue Jasmine ” ) became the 14th LAFCA Best Actress winner who went on to claim the Oscar in that category ; she had tied here with Adèle Exarchopoulos ( “ Blue Is the Warmest Colour ” ) who was snubbed by the academy . The two LAFCA winners in 2012 — Jennifer Lawrence ( “ Silver Linings Playbook ” ) and Emmanuelle Riva ( “ Amour ” ) — both went on to contend at the Oscars with Lawrence prevailing . BEST SUPPORTING ACTORSeventeen of the LAFCA choices for Supporting Actor repeated at the Oscars , most recently in 2016 with Mahershala Ali ( “ Moonlight ” ) . In 2013 , eventual Oscar champ Jared Leto ( “ Dallas Buyers Club ” ) tied here with James Franco ( “ Spring Breakers ” ) who was not nominated by the academy . Prior to that , the last L.A. winner to go on to an Oscar was Christopher Plummer ( “ Beginners ” ) in 2011 . BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESSLikewise , 14 of the group ’s Supporting Actress winners picked up matching Oscar bookends , the most recent of which was 2013 ’s double champ Lupita Nyongo ( “ 12 Years a Slave ” ) . In 2012 , LAFCA cited Amy Adams who went on to contend at the Oscars for “ The Master . ” In 2011 , Jessica Chastain won over the L.A. critics with six films : “ Coriolanus , ” “ The Debt , ” “ The Help , ” “ Take Shelter , ” “ Texas Killing Fields ” and “ The Tree of Life . ” She contended at the Oscars for “ The Help ” but lost to co-star Octavia Spencer . Be sure to make your Oscar nomination predictions so that Hollywood studio executives can see how their films are faring in our Academy Awards odds . Do n’t be afraid to jump in now since you can keep changing your predictions until just before nominees are announced on January 23 .	Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards : Will the winners repeat at the 2018 Oscars ?
Do n’t give up goddamnit!We have all had our moments where we just feel like giving up.Whatever we are pursuing seems simply like a dream ; too out of reach to even see.We contemplate letting all our hard work go to waste because surely , if all the hard work we have already put in has led us nowhere , then what will even more hard work do for us?We want to give up because we are tired of disappointment . We want to give up because every single fall has left us with cuts and bruises that only get torn open once more the moment we fall down again.I have had my fair share of these overwhelming feelings . Yet , I keep going.Time after time , I pick myself back up and continue forward , never once looking back.These are the reasons why I keep getting back up , and why you should too.PassionSurely , if after the first fall you kept going , then there must be a reason why you did not give up.That reason is passion.Your love and want for the thing you are working towards can easily be forgotten when faced with countless setbacks . Sometimes it may feel as if it has disappeared completely.But remember why you are working towards whatever it is you are working towards.Dig up the passion that has been under layers and layers of hurt.Dig it up , pick yourself up , and keep going .2 . PrideThis may be subjective , but it works for me.Have you had somebody trample on your dreams ? They call your dreams ‘ worthless ’ and a ‘ waste of time ’ , not once thinking about the sinking feeling they are causing in your chest.Me being me , I have my pride , and I ’m sure you have yours.Sometimes when the going gets too tough , I find myself thinking about all the negative comments people have made about my dream.I think about their smug faces when I tell them ‘ you were right , it really was a waste of my time ’ . It fuels me to continue because I will be damned if I let them have that power over me.And so , I pick myself back up .3 . HopeInside of me lies a hope that my dreams will eventually come true.No matter how many setbacks I face and how many sneers I get , that hope still flickers inside me.Even if it flickers like a dying flame , it still flickers.And sometimes , hope itself is enough to keep me going.And if you have even the smallest flame of hope left in you , you can keep going too.Do leave a clap if you enjoyed this post !	3 Reasons You Should Not Give Up
Want to receive this post in your inbox every morning ? Sign up here.All eyes on the U.S. special counsel ’s Russia investigation , central bank decisions in Australia and India , and China ’s soaring borrowing costs for companies . Here are some of the things people in markets are talking about.Obstruction of Justice A potential case of obstruction of justice against U.S. President Donald Trump may be building up . That ’s according to Senator Dianne Feinstein , who was speaking in the wake of the news that former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn , fired by Trump , agreed to cooperate with prosecutors probing Russia ’s involvement in the 2016 U.S. election . Flynn pleaded guilty on Friday to lying to federal agents about conversations with Russia ’s ambassador . Trump said there was “ nothing to hide . ” Borrowing Spree Units of Chinese conglomerate HNA Group are stepping up fundraising in the local bond market even as borrowing costs soar , adding to its debt burden . Yunnan Lucky Air , a unit of Hainan Airlines , sold a 270-day yuan bond to yield 8.2 percent last week , the highest coupon rate ever for the Yunnan airline . Tianjin Airlines , another subsidiary of Hainan Airlines , issued similar-maturity notes at the highest coupon rate in five years in November . HNA ’s interest expenses more than doubled to a record 15.6 billion yuan as of the end of June from a year earlier . Its short-term debt expanded to 185.2 billion yuan , exceeding its cash-pile . Just to enforce that the era of ultra-easy money that may be drawing to a close , Asia-Pacific lenders facing increasing funding pressures say they aim to pass those costs along . Half of the 50 banks in a Bloomberg News survey have experienced an increase in funding cost of as much as 20 basis points over the past few months.Coming Up … The Reserve Bank of Australia announces its monetary policy decision at 2:30 p.m. local time on Tuesday and is widely expected to do what it has been doing at each meeting this year – nothing . Staying in Australia , which has a jam-packed week of key economic data , the third-quarter current account balance is also due on Tuesday , followed by third-quarter GDP , which is tipped to show an uptick in growth , and October retail sales on Wednesday . Australia then tops it off with October home loans on Friday . India ’s central bank will be in the spotlight with Bloomberg Economics expecting the Reserve Bank of India to deliver a 25 basis point rate cut and shift to an accomodative stance , going against the consensus forecast for a hold . Elsewhere in the region , China will update on trade , inflation and foreign-exchange reserves for November . The consensus forecast points to a 5 percent year-on-year rise in Chinese exports in dollar terms after October 's 6.9 percent increase . Japan ’s third-quarter GDP may be revised up.Dollar ’s Tax Boost Events in Washington continued to grip traders ’ attention , with the dollar and U.S. equity-index futures rallying after the Senate ’s passage of tax-cut legislation drew focus away from the continuing investigation into connections between Donald Trump ’s aides and Russia . Japan equity-index futures also signal gains ahead of the open . All eyes remain on Washington.Under PressureIt seems there is no reprieve ahead for Australia ’s Prime Minister Malcom Turnbull . Though he got some relief from the troubles engulfing his leadership when his deputy won a special election at the weekend , calls for him to step down are surfacing . Barnaby Joyce was one of two lawmakers from the ruling coalition forced to re-contest their lower house seats because they were in breach of the constitution for being dual citizens , and was easily reelected . Now John Alexander faces voters in his electorate on Dec. 16 and a loss could add to calls for Turnbull to resign by year ’s end . The dual citizenship debacle has proved a major headache from for the Aussie PM , whose minority coalition is lagging in opinion polls . Tuesday is the deadline for all parliamentarians to declare whether they might also need to resign , and the resignation of more lower-house coalition lawmakers on Tuesday over dual-nationality concerns could further turn the screws on Turnbull . What we ’ve been readingThis is what caught our eye over the last 24 hours.Singapore ’s “ rampant ” video piracy sparks calls for a crackdown . Apple CEO tells China . Rio Tinto Group names Simon Thompson as its new chairman . Germany ’s bid to open North Korea channels to prevent war.CVS said to buy Aetna for $ 67.5 billion to create health-care and retail giant . Japanese investors shun Aussie dollar , bonds as yields spread vanishes . There ’s an app that lets you get paid instantly for your used goods .	Five Things You Need to Know to Start Your Day
The East Mississippi Lions are junior college football ’s national champions . EMCC is famously the subject of the Netflix show Last Chance U , which first came out in 2016 and released a second season this year . ( Both were based on the season before . ) The Lions beat Arizona Western 31-28 on Sunday to claim the title . EMCC was out-gained on both a total and per-play basis , but the Lions grabbed a 14-0 lead in the fourth quarter and hung on for the final 45 minutes . EMCC flushed out the clock at the very end to secure the victory and win the school ’s fourth national title . The Scooba , Miss. , school is a junior college powerhouse , with past and future Division I players scattered up and down its roster every year . The Lions won the NJCAA title in 2011 , 2013 , and 2014 , but they ’d fallen short in recent years . Their 2015 season , the subject of the Netflix ’s show ’s first season , ended after the team got into an epic , ugly brawl while leading Mississippi Delta 48-0 . The Lions were banned from the postseason and finished the season 8-1 . They ’d been on course to be a serious title contender that year but did n’t get the chance . In 2016 , during LCU ’s Season 2 , the Lions finished 11-1 but did n’t get a title game shot . They got back this year and capped an 11-1 year by winning on Sunday . This season wo n’t be the subject of Season 3 of the show . Netflix changed locations for the upcoming slate of shows , to Independence Community College in Kansas .	‘ Last Chance U ’s ’ East Mississippi Community College won the junior college national title
The final 2017 episode of New Releases highlights some of what the rest of December brings . For Destiny 2 fans , that means the game 's first expansion , Curse of Osiris . For fans of zombies and general creepiness , there 's the blood-drenched Dead Rising 4 : Frank 's Big Package and the house-exploration adventure of Hello Neighbor . Meanwhile , LocoRoco 2 gets remastered for PS4 , while Okami HD comes to the latest console generation . For a look at even more games coming before the end of the year , you can also see our full list of December release dates.Destiny 2 : Curse of Osiris -- December 5Available on : PS4 , Xbox One , PCThe sequel 's first expansion sends Guardians to the Mercury to rescue Osiris himself from the Vex . A new planet means new Crucible maps , Strikes , and Raid Lairs , plus all those shiny guns and gear . The highlight is the Infinite Forest , which will be different every time you play.Further Reading : Dead Rising 4 : Frank 's Big Package -- December 5Available on : PS4Dead Rising 4 's PS4 debut includes the original game and all previously released DLC weapons and costumes . It also packs in a brand-new Capcom Heroes mode , which lets protagonist Frank West dress up as characters from Street Fighter and Mega Man while slaying the undead.Further Reading : Hello Neighbor -- December 8Available on : Xbox One , PCYou 've just moved into a new house , and the neighbor seems to be up to no good . Cue the stealth-horror gameplay of you snooping around his house , trying not to get caught . What 's in the basement , anyway?Further Reading : LocoRoco 2 Remastered -- December 9Available on : PS4If you have n't played the original PSP game , you 're in for a rolly-polly adventure with a bunch of bouncy blobs and great music . If you want to play the game at the prettiest it 's ever looked -- with 4K support on PS4 Pro- - then here 's your chance.Further Reading : Okami HD -- December 12Available on : PS4 , Xbox One , PCIf you missed out on this Zelda-like adventure starring the wolf goddess Amaterasu , now 's your chance to play it in the new console generation . With new platforms comes great visuals -- up to 4K if you 've got a PS4 Pro , Xbox One X , or PC that can handle it .	Top New Games Out This Month On PS4 , Xbox One , And PC - December
HARTFORD , Conn. ( AP ) — It 's been rare over the past decade that Geno Auriemma and his UConn Huskies have found themselves down by double digits in the final 10 minutes of a game . Let alone facing that deficit at home.Yet that 's where the top-ranked Huskies were Sunday against No . 3 Notre Dame . They trailed by 11 in the fourth in front of a stunned sellout crowd.To make matters worse for the Huskies , they were missing two preseason All-Americans . Gabby Williams was out for the second half with a migraine and Katie Lou Samuelson reinjured her foot in the fourth quarter.They still had Azura Stevens and she helped the Huskies rally . Stevens , who sat out last year after transferring from Duke , scored 10 of her 17 points in the fourth quarter , to help UConn top the Irish 80-71 in the Jimmy V Classic . " They made all the plays they needed to make to win the game , " Auriemma said . " So things that happen , like that fourth quarter , remind our team how good we can be . ... We can be that good so it was good for us to learn that today , it was really good . " The Huskies ( 7-0 ) trailed 65-54 early in the fourth quarter before scoring 21 of the next 26 points that energized the 15,558 fans.Stevens ' layup gave the Huskies a 69-68 lead — their first since the second quarter . Kia Nurse had seven points during the burst , including hitting her 13th consecutive 3-pointer over the past three games.Her layup with 3:51 left gave UConn a 71-70 advantage after Arike Ogunbowale had briefly given the Irish ( 7-1 ) a 70-69 lead . Nurse then had another layup off a tip from Stevens and the Irish could n't recover . " We found that we have a certain level of energy , like that was shown in the fourth quarter and so it 's now going to be a challenge to try and bring that out every day in practice so that it starts from the beginning of the game , " Stevens said.Ogunbowale 's basket accounted for the lone points for the Irish until she hit one free throw with 16 seconds remaining that made it 77-71 . The Irish only had one basket in the final 7:48 . " I thought we played well for 35 minutes , we defensively had some major lapses , " Notre Dame coach Muffet McGraw said . " We had a stretch of ugly . Unfortunately it was the last five minutes . " Samuelson returned to the lineup after missing four games with a mid-sprain in her left foot . She left early in the fourth quarter limping back to the locker room . She did return to the bench during a timeout and played for about a second in a foul shooting substitution . " I 'm sore , but I got re-taped and I felt like I could have come in , but coach wanted to make that decision , " Samuelson said . " He said it was n't worth messing it up any more . " UConn extended its home winning streak to 69 games — tied for third longest in NCAA history.Marina Mabrey scored 21 points , and Ogunbowale added 19 for the Irish . " We showed we can play with and beat anyone in the country , " Mabrey said . " We just came up short in the end . " Trailing 28-21 in the second quarter , the Irish scored 13 straight points and 20 of the next 22 to take a 42-30 advantage and stun the Huskies.Ogunbowale scored the first seven points during the burst . The Irish led 43-36 at the half.TIP-INS : Notre Dame : The Irish have beaten the No . 1 ranked team in the country four times in 28 tries . All four of those wins came against the Huskies with the previous one on Jan. 15 , 2013 . ... This was the 1,000 th game that Muffet McGraw has coached at Notre Dame in her Hall of Fame career . She 's 772-228 at the school.UConn : Nurse broke the school record for consecutive 3-pointers made . She hit her 11th in a row midway through the first quarter to break the tie she held with Samuelson and Caroline Doty . The NCAA record is 14 . " It 's weird hearing that , " Nurse said of holding the school record . " The coaches have been so willing to put the time in to shoot with me . " APPROACHING 1,000 : Coach Geno Auriemma has 998 victories and is two away from becoming the third women 's basketball coach to reach 1,000 in his career . Pat Summitt and Tara VanDerveer each have crossed the milestone.UP NEXT : Notre Dame : The Irish host Michigan State in the ACC/Big Ten challenge on Wednesday.UConn : The Huskies head to Chicago to face DePaul on Friday .	No . 1 UConn rallies in fourth to beat No . 3 Notre Dame 80-71
( Reuters ) - Rio Tinto Ltd ( AX : RIO ) said on Monday it appointed Simon Thompson as its next chairman , succeeding Jan du Plessis , who will step down after serving almost nine years as chair . Thompson , who is the chairman of the company 's remuneration committee , will become Rio Tinto 's chairman on March 5 , 2018 , the Anglo-Australian mining company said in a statement . " The board is delighted to have appointed Simon to chair Rio Tinto . He brings to the role a deep understanding of the mining industry , as well as a strong track record as a non-executive , ” said senior independent director Ann Godbehere . Thompson has been chairman of 3i Group Plc ( L : III ) since 2015 and was chairman of Tullow Oil Plc ( L : TLW ) from 2012 to 2017 . Earlier in his career , he held investment banking positions at S.G. Warburg and N M Rothschild . " I am handing over the baton at a time when the business is in great shape and Rio Tinto has the strongest balance sheet in the sector ” , " added du Plessis , who announced his intention to retire as chairman earlier this year . On assuming the role of the chair , Thompson will step down as chairman of the remuneration committee and will stop being a member of the audit committee , Rio added .	Rio Tinto says Simon Thompson to succeed Jan du Plessis as chairman
Newstalk ZB host Leighton Smith has announced he will leave the station next year . The veteran talk back radio broadcaster has worked on Newstalk ZB for 32 years . " We have come to a conclusion ; the conclusion is I 'm going to hand over the microphone , " Smith said at the end of his Monday morning show . Smith would continue his show until the end of next year and said ever after that , his listeners would still be able to find him somewhere . READ MORE : * A host with the most Kerre McIvor would then take over his slot . " I am going to terminate and I do it with mixed feelings and I do it with some anticipation because there are lots of other things I still want to do , " Smith said . " Some people will be ecstatically happy , but it 's not , and I repeat this , it 's not necessarily the last you will hear of me . " Smith said he had tried to leave the station two years ago , but stayed on thanks to " some arm twisting " . He had worked on the morning show alongside his producer and wife Carolyn Leaney for 30 years . When he hands over the microphone late next year , Smith said he would have been at Newstalk ZB - called 1ZB when he started in 1985 - for 33 years . Like Newstalk ZB broadcasting legend Paul Holmes , Smith 's departure was announced well ahead of time . In 2007 , Holmes announced he would leave by the end of 2008 , to be replaced by Mike Hosking . Holmes denied he was pushed from the breakfast time slot , saying instead he and management wanted to " leave the company in good hands " . Before starting at 1ZB , Smith worked briefly as a taxi driver in Sydney , Australia . His first job in radio was at age 15 in 1962 when he got a half hour show as a " junior disk jockey " , also in Sydney , according to NZME . It was his prolonged stints in New Zealand - Smith is Australian born - where he made the biggest waves . His ZB show was one of the most popular , if not most popular , shows in its timeslot . He first appeared on the New Zealand airwaves in Wellington , moving over for what was meant to be a one year stint on 1ZB in 1980 , that ended in 1985 . NZME reported that he dethroned the " king " of Wellington radio , Lindsay Yeo , during that time . Above all , Smith did n't shy away from controversy . His conservative musings - including his views on " gay politics " , belief the Treaty of Waitangi was hijacked and objection to the science backing man made global warming - became the bread and butter of morning talk . Often , Smith said he was called a bigot and racist . In a 2013 interview , he said those people " get the wrong end " of his comments . " People are screwed , " he joked . " People get the wrong end , the wrong gist from the comment , and they get it from their own life influences . " He did not comment on what his plans were after leaving the morning show on Newstalk ZB . As he told the listeners of his news on Monday morning , NZME managing editor Shayne Currie lauded Smith 's tenure . " What a partnership - on-air and off ! Leighton Smith and Carolyn Leaney have been a remarkable duo , " Currie , whose role oversaw Newstalk ZB and the Herald , said on Twitter . SHAKE UP AT NEWSTALK ZB Morning host Rachel Smalley earlier announced that she too would leave the station . Her departure would also be the end of her 20-year career in journalism , as Smalley said she was leaving to take up a " corporate " job . Smalley had hosted a one hour long news show , weekdays from 5 am to 6 am . She would be repacked by Kate Hawkesby , NZME announced . Hawkesby 's show would lead into her husband , Mike Hosking 's prime time breakfast show - where she used to be a regular contributor . Former children 's television star Simon Barnett had also announced he would join Newstalk ZB in 2019 . Barnett had worked for rival radio station More FM , owned by MediaWorks , when he went public to say he would jump ship . He was contracted to the company until 2018 .	Newstalk ZB host Leighton Smith announces resignation
A special day at Hof Gorei : As we walk hand in hand through a stretch of white sand , I smile like silly when I ’m conversing with you . I think it does n’t matter if it is through phone or in person . I simply smile because it is you . The month of December is coming and the spirit of Christmas which means one thing “ Love is in the air ” especially for two people who are in their early stage of romance , the perfect romantic time to fall in love and the season for family and friends to gather traditionally.However , if your anniversary is coming up and I ’m sure you want to surprise him/her with something special . In reality to say at least that holidays is a bit hectic , time consuming , expensive , exhausting , and overcrowded . Speaking of which , how will you get that romantic quiet time with your loved one with these season ? Probably not , if you do n’t plan quickly that romantic Christmas getaway — now here comes the interesting part.It is an open secret to our regular clients that our serene natural paradise is an ideal shelter for newlyweds , honeymooners , and for couples celebrating their anniversaries to capture that satisfying sweet memorable moments . The remaining question is how will you achieve this ? Simple , here are a couple of activities that you might want to share with her : Initially , take on long walks at our pristine white sand beaches ; picnic on a top of a hill ; candle light dinner along the seashore ; a day at our spa ; sweet talks at our garden ; or explore your way through secluded islands . Whatever your wish may be to have that romantic Christmas vacation with your other half be rest assured that we are here to assist you in everything you may need and it only happens at your romantic resort Hof Gorei .	Things to Consider when Planning a Romantic Christmas Vacation
ELI5 : Datawallet White Paper [ PART 1 ] The Datawallet White Paper , explained in plain EnglishThe reason for our ELI5 White Paper SeriesDatawallet has the potential to significantly impact the lives of billions of people : we estimate that by 2022 , a person ’s data could have an average value of $ 7,000 per year . By allowing people to be their own data broker , selectively sharing their data with organizations they trust , and reclaiming the value of their data , we effectively have the opportunity to realize the idea of a universal basic income . For organizations , the Datawallet model has similarly impactful implications : by being permissioned by users to leverage their data , organizations get access to the best data ever available . This in turn can fuel the advancement of technologies that are currently still within the realm of fiction , such as a personal Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) concierge.But while our mission is bold , it is nothing without a platform that can realize its potential . In order to explain how we intend to build this platform , we wrote the Datawallet White Paper which is entitledA Data-Ownership Assuring Blockchain Wallet For Privacy-Protected Data ExchangeYou can find the full White Paper right here . It is a detailed deep dive into the individual components of our platform and how they work together . While we tried to be as thorough and precise as possible in describing our platform , we realize that many are looking for a more concise and high-level treatment.We will therefore be publishing a series of posts that will break our White Paper down into approachable , bite-sized chunks . We hope that this encourages more people to read about what it is that we are looking to build , promotes understanding of our platform , and fosters a dialogue in the community around Datawallet about how to best achieve our mission.So without further ado , here is … Part 1 of our ELI5 ( ish ) Datawallet White Paper seriesThe Datawallet ecosystem provides the marketplace where data providers and data consumers can directly engage with one another , removing the predatory data brokers that currently make the data market . Unlike the conventional data brokerage system , the Datawallet market allows users of apps/websites ( data providers ) and data consumers to transparently , securely , and conscientiously exchange data and services . In the remainder of this article we outline what the requirements and goals of data producers and data consumers are . These requirements inform the ecosystem we detail in subsequent articles ; They tell us what success will look like for the stakeholders of the ecosystem.Data ProducersFundamentally , data producers want to be able to make their data work for them , which requires them to be able to conscientiously share it with organizations who can offer them value . This value can take many forms . For one , organizations can simply pay for the data . An example for this could be a company undertaking market research to understand what people are buying online versus what they usually buy in brick-and-mortar stores.A second option is that companies can offer a new service or the ability to for data producers to enhance an existing service . Take for example the Amazon Alexa ; currently , users of the Alexa are forced to interact with it on a daily basis , so that it can learn about the user . This is due to the fact that the Alexa needs a data test set in order to train its algorithms with data about who you are and what your preference set looks like . This way , when you say “ Alexa , order me 12 eggs ” , the Alexa knows that you want eggs from Whole Foods rather than from Walmart . Right now , you are forced to create this data for the Alexa , and it will take you months to do so . However , you already created data about your preferences all over the internet . And with Datawallet , you can now share all of the historic data you created all over the internet ( and offline as well ) and share it with the Alexa . This way , the Alexa can learn about you within a matter of seconds , rather than months.A third option is that data producers may want to donate their data to organizations and projects whose missions they believe in . This is the case in situations where a new service is not built , yet , and requires data for the algorithms to be properly trained . In this scenario , anybody who finds the idea of the planned service interesting , can make their data available for the service to be built and get the full personalized experience once it is live.In order for producers to frictionlessly find and send the relevant data for these exchanges , they need to have a structured and collated data profile , or ‘ datawallet . ’ This is crucial to ensure that data consumers can build their analyses and products around known endpoints , and to allow data producers to quickly identify if they have the data that is being requested . Data producers want to securely store and access this datawallet , with different users preferring different options along the ease-of-use vs. control/security tradeoff.Data producers want to be able to search for and engage with the various offerings of the organizations who have built products and services around their collated datawallets — - a contract exchange . Data producers want to know the precise details of what the organization is offering , which can be made explicit in the logic of the smart contract . The contract can clearly specify who created the smart-contract , the precise data points that are being requested , what they will be used for , and what the compensation will be . Data producers also want to be able to easily and securely enact contracts that they choose to engage in.This constellation of goals is summarized in the paper with this AOM goal model : Summary Requirements for Data ProducersIn order to take data ownership and make their data work for them they want : Automatically collated and processed data profilesExchanges hosting clearly defined data/service smart-contracts to engage inThe ability to securely consent to and execute data/service contractsData producers want to be able to do this all as easily and frictionlessly as possible . As we will describe in subsequent articles , our approach is to use native mobile apps as the entry point to all of this functionality.Data ConsumersData Consumers want to learn from data and use it to build cool stuff . An encouraging percentage of them want to do so with ethically sourced data ( they just did n’t have an option before ! ) . They have desires largely complementary to data producers — they want to be able to easily , efficiently , and ethically source specific user data points.Many of the researchers , developers , AI engineers , and data scientists interested in learning from and building on the data are not blockchain gurus . They want to be able to programmatically generate a smart-contract and deal with the resulting data through a restful API with stable endpoints . Some data consumers want to get data from particular kinds of users by specifying demographic parameters . We have distilled these requirements into a set of mandatory and optional fields that need to be specified to form a valid contract : The contracts were segmented into two broad types . A data request simply specifies an exchange of data for compensation ( in the form of token ) , while a data product includes the specification of the delivery of a product/service built on top of the data . Both kinds of contracts need to be posted to relevant exchanges where interested and viable data producers can view and potentially engage with the contracts.The data consumers ’ goals is summarized in the paper with this AOM goal model : Summary Requirements for Data ConsumersIn order to efficiently source data : ( Programmatically ) specify the parameters of a data requestPost data requests on the exchange and manage their viewing and executionProvide resulting data in a standardized interface ( restful API ) Figure 5 of the Whitepaper : AOM Goal model of data producer for profile management and contract engagement goals.Table 1 of the Whitepaper : Mandatory and optional fields that need to be specified to form a valid contract : Figure 6 of the Whitepaper : AOM Goal model of data requestor for data requesting and service offering goals . Grey shaded goals are optional , and colored goals are owned by the correspondingly colored parentIn our next post , we will get into the components of the Datawallet ecosystem which together can fulfill the requirements of data producers and data consumers outlined here .	ELI5 : Datawallet White Paper
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Nikola Vucevic scored 34 points — eight straight in a decisive 10-0 fourth-quarter run — and the Orlando Magic beat the New York Knicks 105-100 on Sunday . With the score tied at 85 midway through the fourth quarter , Vucevic made a short basket , a three-point play and a 3-point shot in succession to give the Magic the lead for good . Evan Fournier had 20 points , Jonathon Simmons added 16 , and Elfrid Payton had 15 for Orlando . Michael Beasley , who replaced the injured Kristaps Porzingis in the starting lineup , led the Knicks with 21 points . Courtney Lee had 19 , and Enes Kanter added 18 points and 16 rebounds . The Knicks used an 11-4 run to pull within three at 99-96 on Jarrett Jack ’s 3-pointer with 27 seconds left . Fournier then hit two free throws with 23 seconds remaining , and Jack followed with a reverse layup with 16 second left . Fournier again connected on two free throws , this time with 13 seconds left . Beasley scored his final two points on a layup with four seconds remaining before Vucevic hit a pair of clinching free throws . The Knicks scored the first six points of the third quarter and took their biggest lead of the game , 57-54 , on Damyean Dotson ’s jumper . However , Orlando answered with its own 6-0 streak and went on to take a 78-76 lead after three quarters . The Magic never trailed again . TIP-INS : Magic : After snapping a nine-game losing streak with a 121-108 win over Oklahoma City on Nov. 29 , the Magic have won two of three . … Orlando had lost seven straight road games . … Tied the series with the Knicks at 54-54 . Knicks : Orlando has beaten the Knicks in both meetings this season . The Magic won 112-99 in Orlando on Nov. 8 . MISSING FIREPOWER The Knicks ’ top two leading scorers , Porzingis ( 25.8 ppg ) and Tim Hardaway Jr. ( 17.8 ppg ) both missed Sunday ’s game . Porzingis sprained his right ankle in Wednesday ’s win over Miami , while Hardaway was sidelined due to a left leg injury . They were replaced in the starting lineup by Beasley and Damyean Dotson , who was making his first career start . COOL DOWN The Magic were 3 of 7 from 3-point range in the first quarter . They went 3 of 21 the rest of the game . UP NEXT : Magic : At Charlotte on Monday night . Knicks : At Indiana on Monday night . ( Copyright 2017 by The Associated Press . All Rights Reserved . )	Knicks Blow 4th-Quarter Tie , Lose To Orlando Magic
We ’re just starting to get used to the idea that getting an Uber is more expensive at 10 p.m. on a Friday , and that the price of our Amazon basket can change at any time . But what if the same kind of dynamic pricing were applied to the cost of parking spaces ? It sounds irksome , but it could help cities reach the holy grail of reduced traffic and commute times . Wired reports that all of San Francisco ’s city-owned parking meters will be switched to dynamic pricing if the City Council approves a proposal next week from the city ’s transit authority . Each day would have three time ‘ bands , ’ and prices on the internet-connected meters would be adjusted according to demand at a particular time and location . San Francisco would be the first major American city to use such a system , and it could provide a model for other cities . That ’s because parking influences traffic , and San Francisco has some of the worst traffic in the country . A lot of global cities , including London , Stockholm , and Singapore , have successfully moderated crisis-level traffic by implementing what ’s known as congestion pricing – the cities charge fees for cars to even enter congested zones at peak times . But that sort of program has been a political nonstarter in America , where we ’re fiercely defensive of total freedom of automotive movement . Get Data Sheet , Fortune ’s technology newsletter . Market-based parking pricing could become a partial stand-in for congestion pricing by making it more expensive to drive where a city is most crowded , and making public transit or a ride-hailing service more attractive . Related arguments were laid out by the urban planner Donald Shoup in his now-classic book The High Cost of Free Parking – in fact , Shoup wrote about the pilot experiment in San Francisco that could come to its final fruition next week . But , as Wired points out , the cost of parking is only a partial stand-in for actual road pricing . In San Francisco ’s case , only about 10 percent of parking spaces are public , metered spots , and the city has set floors and ceilings for prices , limiting their potential to influence driver behavior . And unlike Uber , prices will only be changed three times a year , which might make the program less effective , but also less aggravating for users . More generally , Shoup thought the main benefit of better parking pricing was to cut down on the number of cars circling to hunt for free spaces , so the main impacts could be in city centers , with milder impacts on the roads that carry drivers in from surrounding areas . Nonetheless , San Franciscans should be grateful for any marginal relief they can get . The city , which has attracted lots of new tech jobs in recent years , has been moving up the ranks of cities with the longest commutes . It was recently ranked seventh-worst the U.S. , with an average commute of nearly 32 minutes , and congestion there costs drivers an estimated $ 26.9 billion per year in time , fuel , and pollution .	Uber-Style Variable Pricing Could be Coming to a Parking Spot Near You
DISCLAIMER : none of this is an endorsement of the views contained in each linked item . This piece is also not associated with my employer Coinbase . Finally , none of this is investment advice.The last time I posted something like this , I ended up meeting some new people who had similar interests . So I thought it would be worth trying again — especially since I ’m taking a break from Twitter through at least the end of the year.What ’s “ the next Ethereum ” ? Is it Tezos , Polka Dot , DFINITY or something else ? Or is Ethereum with scaling improvements the next Ethereum ? Put another way : what ’s the cryptocurrency technology that exists right now but does n’t have a lot of people talking about it ? Feels like everything happening in crypto is under a spotlight.Decentralized storage networks and more broadly algorithmic markets ( compute , storage , bandwidth , information , micro-work ) . Collectible assets on Ethereum , e.g. CryptoKitties and ERC-721Related to algorithmic markets , will there be an ASIC-fixation of other computing hardware to gain economic advantages for each part of the computing stack ? Who is going to be the Bitmain of decentralized storage protocols and will it be driven by proprietary hardware ? How does this affect traditional manufacturers of storage technology?Why is n’t there an iMessage of email ? Backward compatible with normal email ( a la SMS ) but if both addresses are using the improved client/protocol ( i.e. blue bubbles vs. green bubbles ) they get extra features — automatic end-to-end encryption , ability to schedule , deleting messages , no spam , etc.Google ’s G Suite automation ( dynamically linked databases , spreadsheets and presentations ) is quietly making huge advances . I wonder how this will impact the employment numbers of professional services industries like management consulting , i.e. what used to take a team of 5 – 7 consultants now can be done with 2 .	Things I am interested in , December 2017
CBS 2 Meteorologist Mary Kay Kleist with the latest weather . CBS 2 Weather Watch ( 5:30 p.m. Dec. 3 , 2017 ) CBS 2 Meteorologist Mary Kay Kleist with the latest weather.Former Air Force Lieutenant Reunited With Lost DogA former Air Force lieutenant has been reunited with his Siberian Husky , who disappeared from his home more than two years ago . CBS 2 's Sandra Torres reports.Record Turnout For This Year 's Toys For Tots ParadeThe holiday spirit was in full force Sunday morning for Chicagoland 's 40th annual Toys for Tots motorcycle parade!CFD Makes Annual Donation To Widow 's FundChicago firefighters and paramedics are coming to the aid of the widows and children of their deceased comrades this holiday season .2 Men Tried To Lure Teenage Girls In Edison ParkPolice are looking for two men suspected of trying to lure two teenage girls in the Edison Park neighborhood on the Northwest Side.Metropolitan Opera To Investigate Sexual Misconduct Claims Against James LevineThe alleged abuse by the opera conductor reportedly began while he was the music director at the Ravinia Festival . CBS 2 's Audrina Bigos reports.CBS 2 Weather Watch ( 5:30 p.m. Dec. 3 , 2017 ) CBS 2 Meteorologist Mary Kay Kleist with the latest weather.CBS 2 Weather Watch ( 7 a.m. Dec. 3 , 2017 ) CBS 2 Meteorologist Ed Curran with the latest weather.CBS 2 Weather Watch ( 8 AM , Dec. 2 , 2017 ) CBS 2 meteorologist Ed Curran has the latest weather .	CBS 2 Weather Watch
BEIRUT ( AFP ) - A powerful Syrian Kurdish militia announced on Sunday it had cleared Islamic State group fighters from key territory east of the winding Euphrates River.In a surprising announcement , the People 's Protection Units ( YPG ) also said the victory in Syria 's Deir Ezzor province came with logistical and air support from Russia , as well as the US-led coalition , its traditional backer . The YPG was spearheading a US-backed offensive to oust IS from territory east of the Euphrates River , which cuts diagonally across Deir Ezzor , while rival Russian-backed Syrian troops battled IS on the western bank.It appears to the first time Syria 's Kurds acknowledge receiving direct Russian support . On Sunday , YPG officials met with a Russian military delegation in a town on the eastern bank of Deir Ezzor province , according to the Kurdish-run ANHA news agency . " The eastern countryside of the city has been fully liberated from Islamic State ... with the international coalition and Russia 's support , " YPG spokesman Nuri Mahmoud said in a statement . " We thank the international coalition and the Russian forces for their air , logistical , advisory support and coordination on the ground . " Mahmoud said the YPG " hoped for an increase in support and the provision of air defence and required cover . " IS jihadists once held most of oil-rich Deir Ezzor , but now control only a tiny sliver of the province , according to the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitor . On Sunday , Observatory head Rami Abdel Rahman said IS still held several villages in the province , on both banks of the Euphrates River . The YPG formed the bulk of the Syrian Democratic Forces , an Arab-Kurdish alliance that ousted IS from swathes of northern and eastern Syria , with help from the US-led coalition . In September , the SDF began its assault on IS positions in the eastern half of Deir Ezzor province , as Russian-backed government troops squeezed IS in the western half . The SDF accused Moscow of striking its forces several times during the drive , which makes Sunday 's announcement of Russian support all the more surprising.Last week , the White House said it would be making " adjustments " to its military support of militia in Syria . The US-led coalition has provided air support , weapons , and advice to the YPG and SDF in their push against IS .	Kurds announce IS losses in east Syria with US , Russia help
Episode 13Hi Folks!I emailed out the link to the Amazon drive to all those that contributed to our eBook . If you contributed and did not receive the email from me please email me at erika.sauter@outlook.com so I can send the completed eBook and link on to you.For the month of December we ’re doing essays or short stories of the holidays . Either what the holidays mean to us , a memory or flash fiction . Depending on how many submissions the publication receives I may put together the collection of our Holiday stories in eBook format for us all to have.I ’d love to keep engagement and collaboration going . If anyone has an idea or request for what we can do for the month of January please reply to this email or leave a response on the newsletter itself.As a reminder ( self-promo-op ) throughout the remainder of the year anyone who commits to patronage on my Patreon at the $ 5 monthly level will receive a book or novel from my personal library . I do this for two reasons . 1 ) To show my gratitude . 2 ) I ’m crazy in love with literature and will now have new friends to share it with . If you enjoy my writing and appreciate my editing Hopes and Dreams for Our Future it would mean a lot to me if you were to contribute and keep me up and running.When I say a lot - I mean a shit ton.You ’re also able to make a one time contribution via PayPal.I also ask that you follow my new Medium publication , Start Where You AreI ’m always just an email away . Wishing you all the absolute best!Much love and gratitude , Erika	Collaborative eBook Follow Up and Stuff
Categories : Content News KDKATV KDKA News Update PM : Dec. 3 , 2017KDKA News Update PM : Dec. 3 , 2017KDKA-TV Weekend Forecast ( 12/3 ) Stay on top of local weather with meteorologist Kristin Emery ’s forecast!Four Hospitalized After Pickup Truck Crashes Into North Strabane Wendy ' sFour people were sent to the hospital after a pickup truck crashed through a Wendy 's in North Strabane Township on Saturday ; KDKA 's Bob Allen reports.A Waiting ChildThe Lynne Hayes-Freeland ShowThe Lynne Hayes-Freeland ShowIntimate partner violence - what can you do?The Lynne Hayes-Freeland ShowWhy so much street violence ? And the victims are getting younger and younger . We 'll look at what 's happening.KDKA News Update PM : Dec. 3 , 2017KDKA News Update PM : Dec. 3 , 2017KDKA News Update PM : Dec. 2 , 2017KDKA News Update PM : Dec. 2 , 2017KDKA News Update AM : Dec 2 , 2017KDKA News Update AM : Dec 2 , 2017Man Accused Of Rape , Sex Trafficking In Pittsburgh , Other Cities Across U.S.A man is accused of repeatedly raping and trafficking women he met online all over the United States , including in western Pennsylvania.More Videos Categories NewsWeatherSportsPoliticsHealthEntertainmentStations Pittsburgh KDKA TV2	KDKA News Update PM : Dec. 3 , 2017
By Chris Emma — CHICAGO ( CBS ) – Once again , the Bears snatched defeat from the jaws of victory Sunday . It ’s what they have mostly done during the tumultuous tenure of John Fox . Just when you think they have reached rock bottom , the Bears plunge deeper . This time , it was a 15-14 loss to the lowly 49ers at Soldier Field that dropped the Bears to 3-9 in a lost season and 12-32 under the watch of Fox . Since he became head coach in 2015 , the Bears are an astounding 0-7 in contests in which they entered as favorites and now 8-19 in games decided by one score . That it was Robbie Gould delivering all of the 49ers ’ scoring and hitting the game-winner from 24 yards out in the closing seconds on his fifth field goal of the day only made it worse for a depleted Bears organization . Revenge was sweet for Gould , the Bears ’ all-time leader in points who ’s latest effort made Fox the franchise ’s leader in losing percentage . “ It motivated me , ” Gould said of being released by the Bears . “ It drives me every day . I have Ryan Pace and Jeff Rodgers and John Fox to thank for that . Because if I would ’ve stayed here , who knows what my career would have ended like ? ” Gould would ’ve encountered one of the darkest eras in the history of a proud organization had he stayed . Though his 49ers are now 2-10 on the season , they have hope in the form of 26-year-old quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo and 37-year-old head coach Kyle Shanahan , the latter of whom Gould touted as one of the brightest offensive minds he has ever encountered . Rookie quarterback Mitchell Trubisky – for whom the Bears traded the 49ers a haul to draft second overall – brings Chicago its chance for better days , but that hope is merely held on potential alone . On Sunday , the Bears coaching staff prioritized saving their owns jobs over the development of a young roster . It ’s fair but calls into question why Fox should be allowed to finish the season . Adam Shaheen , the second-round pick showing flashes of late , played nine snaps and was n’t targeted once . Tarik Cohen , once touted by offensive coordinator Dowell Loggains as the Bears ’ best playmaker , carried the football twice for five yards . Loggains called a game that could be best be described as conservative . Former NFL executive Greg Gabriel tweeted that Loggains has to be “ the worst play-caller in the league . ” The great Olin Kreutz added that the “ Bears have to give someone else a chance at calling plays . ” There are far more indictments to the work of Loggains , and it ’s worth wondering whether he will be employed come Monday afternoon . Fox had a coaching blunder with the game on the line . With Chicago holding a 14-12 lead and San Francisco driving deep into the red zone , he could ’ve instructed the Bears to allow the 49ers to score a touchdown with 1:40 remaining . It the smarter percentage play and would ’ve given Trubisky the chance to lead a game-winning drive , an ideal opportunity for a young quarterback . Would ’ve , could ’ve , should ’ve . Instead , Fox said after the game he felt good about the Bears ’ chances of blocking the field-goal attempt that was shorter than an extra point . With the Bears out of timeouts , Gould connected on his fifth field goal from 24 yards out with four seconds remaining . Trubisky watched from the sidelines . “ Winning ’s the number one priority and getting better every day is the second priority , ” Trubisky said . “ No matter what , you ’re always trying to win – each game , each day . It ’s got to be a competitive mindset . That ’s what it ’s got to be every day . “ You put all the work in and it does n’t mean anything if you do n’t come out here on Sunday and get the win . Getting better every day is the emphasis , but winning is everything . ” Comments like these are admirable from Trubisky and why teammates look to him for leadership , but they ’re also not true when it comes to this Bears team . How he grows as a young quarterback will define the franchise ’s future – something far more important than the ninth loss of a season already gone . The Bears made Trubisky their starting quarterback four games into the season after Mike Glennon played poorly . The initial intentions were for Glennon to start all season and Trubisky to develop off to the side in what would serve as a redshirt season . Trubisky started just 13 games at North Carolina and entered the league a raw quarterback , but the Bears believed playing NFL games was the next step in his development . They only risk hurting Trubisky by trusting him to a self-motivated coaching staff . Sunday at Soldier Field brought the latest poor showing by a team from which progress was hoped . The Bears managed to take another step backward in a game they should ’ve won . Four weeks remain for the Bears , who have plenty more to lose than football games . Chris Emma covers the Bears , Chicago ’s sports scene and more for CBSChicago.com . Follow him on Twitter @CEmma670 and like his Facebook page .	Emma : After Bears ’ Latest Step Back , Blame Starts With John Fox
Newstalk ZB host Leighton Smith has announced he will leave the station next year . The veteran talk back radio broadcaster has worked on Newstalk ZB for 32 years . " We have come to a conclusion ; the conclusion is I 'm going to hand over the microphone , " Smith said at the end of his Monday morning show . Smith would continue his show until the end of next year and said ever after that , his listeners would still be able to find him somewhere . READ MORE : * A host with the most Kerre McIvor would then take over his slot . " I am going to terminate and I do it with mixed feelings and I do it with some anticipation because there are lots of other things I still want to do , " Smith said . " Some people will be ecstatically happy , but it 's not , and I repeat this , it 's not necessarily the last you will hear of me . " Smith said he had tried to leave the station two years ago , but stayed on thanks to " some arm twisting " . He had worked on the morning show alongside his producer and wife Carolyn Leaney for 30 years . When he hands over the microphone late next year , Smith said he would have been at Newstalk ZB - called 1ZB when he started in 1985 - for 33 years . Like Newstalk ZB broadcasting legend Paul Holmes , Smith 's departure was announced well ahead of time . In 2007 , Holmes announced he would leave by the end of 2008 , to be replaced by Mike Hosking . Holmes denied he was pushed from the breakfast time slot , saying instead he and management wanted to " leave the company in good hands " . Before starting at 1ZB , Smith worked briefly as a taxi driver in Sydney , Australia . His first job in radio was at age 15 in 1962 when he got a half hour show as a " junior disk jockey " , also in Sydney , according to NZME . It was his prolonged stints in New Zealand - Smith is Australian born - where he made the biggest waves . His ZB show was one of the most popular , if not most popular , shows in its timeslot . He first appeared on the New Zealand airwaves in Wellington , moving over for what was meant to be a one year stint on 1ZB in 1980 , that ended in 1985 . NZME reported that he dethroned the " king " of Wellington radio , Lindsay Yeo , during that time . Above all , Smith did n't shy away from controversy . His conservative musings - including his views on " gay politics " , belief the Treaty of Waitangi was hijacked and objection to the science backing man made global warming - became the bread and butter of morning talk . Often , Smith said he was called a bigot and racist . In a 2013 interview , he said those people " get the wrong end " of his comments . " People are screwed , " he joked . " People get the wrong end , the wrong gist from the comment , and they get it from their own life influences . " He did not comment on what his plans were after leaving the morning show on Newstalk ZB . As he told the listeners of his news on Monday morning , NZME managing editor Shayne Currie lauded Smith 's tenure . " What a partnership - on-air and off ! Leighton Smith and Carolyn Leaney have been a remarkable duo , " Currie , whose role oversaw Newstalk ZB and the Herald , said on Twitter . SHAKE UP AT NEWSTALK ZB Morning host Rachel Smalley earlier announced that she too would leave the station . Her departure would also be the end of her 20-year career in journalism , as Smalley said she was leaving to take up a " corporate " job . Smalley had hosted a one hour long news show , weekdays from 5 am to 6 am . She would be repacked by Kate Hawkesby , NZME announced . Hawkesby 's show would lead into her husband , Mike Hosking 's prime time breakfast show - where she used to be a regular contributor . Former children 's television star Simon Barnett had also announced he would join Newstalk ZB in 2019 . Barnett had worked for rival radio station More FM , owned by MediaWorks , when he went public to say he would jump ship . He was contracted to the company until 2018 .	Newstalk ZB host Leighton Smith announces resignation
CANBERRA , Australia ( AP ) — An Australian lawmaker giving a speech on same-sex marriage proposed to his gay partner Monday during Parliament 's debate on a bill that is expected to soon legalize marriage equality across the country.Tim Wilson , a 37-year-old lawmaker in the conservative coalition government , was among the first lawmakers to join the House of Representatives debate and toward the end of his speech popped the question to his partner of seven years Ryan Bolger , who was watching from the public gallery . " In my first speech I defined our bond by the ring that sits on both of our left hands , and they are the answer to a question we can not ask , " an emotional Wilson said , referring to the first time he addressed the Parliament last year . " There 's only one thing left to do : Ryan Patrick Bolger , will you marry me ? " Wilson added to applause.The 33-year-old primary school teacher responded : " yes , " which was recorded in the official parliamentary record.The House of Representatives is holding its final two-week session of the year , which is giving priority to lifting the ban on same-sex marriage ion Australia . The major parties want the legislation passed this week after a majority of Australian 's endorsed change in a postal ballot last month.The Senate last week approved the bill and rejected all proposed amendments that would have increased legal protections for those who would discriminate against gay couples on religious grounds.But several lawmakers including Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull intend to persist with amendments rejected by the Senate.Turnbull , a gay marriage supporter , says he wants wedding celebrants , not just those affiliated with churches , to have the right to refuse to officiate at same-sex marriages.If the House of Representatives supported such an amendment , then the altered bill would have to return to the Senate for ratification , delaying the reform.Turnbull told Parliament that while nothing in the bill threatened religious freedoms , he wanted more reassurances for the millions of Australians who oppose marriage equality . " We must not fail to recognize that there is sincere , heartfelt anxiety about the bill 's impact on religious freedom , " Turnbull said . " That is why I will support several amendments to the bill which will provide that additional reassurance in respect of their fundamental rights and freedoms , " he added.Warren Entsch , a long-term advocate of marriage equality within the conservative government , helped draft the bill and was the first to speak for it in the House on Monday . " The bill which the Senate passed is a robust bill , a whole range of religious protections are already in place , " Entsch said in introducing the bill . " We have made sure that we have removed any element of discrimination in this bill while ensuring that religious freedoms are protected , " he added.Entsch said related amendments to bolster freedoms of speech and education rights could be debated in a separate bill next year and should not be sued to delay the reform . " Australians are sick of excuses and they 're sick of delays , " Entsch said.A nonbinding postal survey found that 62 percent of Australian respondents wanted gay marriage to be legal . Almost 80 percent of Australia 's registered voters took part in the two-month survey . Most gay marriage opponents accept that the Parliament has an overwhelming mandate to make the change.While marriage equality could become law this week , state marriage registries say they would not have the paperwork to proceed with weddings until January .	Lawmaker proposes during Australian same-sex marriage debate
How Nawaz Sharif ( Pakistan ’s ex-PM ) would have never attempted fraud in a U.Cash universe?One of the biggest scandals which rocked South Asia in the recent years was the sacking of Pakistan ’s ex-PM , Mr Nawaz Sharif . Offshore accounts and illegal properties belonging to the ex PM ’s family were discovered in the Panama Paper leaks . Sharif ’s daughter , Maryam Nawaz , submitted “ original copies ” of two certified documents dated February 2006 , refuting ownership of several plush London properties in question . However , an investigative team found out that they had used Microsoft Calibri font for the document . The MS Calibri font came out in 2007 and it would have been impossible to have a time-stamped certified document dating Feb 2006 . This ultimately forced Mr Sharif to resign from the most powerful post in Pakistan — that of Prime Minister.Today , our society is embracing and transforming into a paperless solution . E-Copies or soft copies are used in every business , education , law etc . However , tampering of documents as well as false time-stamping is rampant and poses a big pain area for which there had been no solution.Enter BLOCKCHAIN ! The technology to transfer anything of value in a trustful manner . The biggest use case of blockchain technology , other than digital payment , is notarization . Technically one can store even the entire document on the blockchain . However , that is a bad practice . Every document has a unique digital fingerprint called as a hash . The easiest way is to just store that hash on the blockchain as part of the transaction data . If there is any change in the document , as minor as the addition of space character , then the hash changes . The authenticity of the document can be verified by anyone very easily.One of the many features of U.CASH will be to verify and “ notarize ” the existence of a document on the Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchains with time-stamping . This will enable fraud detection and fraud prevention of documents . Consider the use case of employers who can now easily verify if candidate ’s documents are original and genuine . The potential is tremendous.In future blockchain will prevent corruption and bring transparency on a massive scale . Innovative products like U.CASH will be enablers and bring this to reality . There would be more awareness and knowledge of the power of blockchain technology . In a U.CASH universe , corrupt people like Mr Nawaz Sharif will never attempt fraud and well , even save their powerful position : )	How Nawaz Sharif ( Pakistan ’s ex-PM ) would have never attempted fraud in a U.Cash universe ?
Dear Hollywood Producers , It is fascinating to see the evolution of cinema since 1910 , from silent films to black and white movies to the beautiful movies of 2017 , this has been an enthralling journey . A lot of the credit goes to you and I salute all of the producers since 1910 for allowing our lives to be graced with such fantastic movies with different messages and stories . For years , the audience has idolized and loved female actors like Marilyn Monroe , Audrey Hepburn and Meryl Streep . As much as the audience loves these iconic female actors , it seems like Hollywood loves women a little bit and a lot less than the male actors But not only have they been hidden in the shadows of their male co-stars in movies , their paychecks are often much less than their male counterparts . It is disturbing to see the wage gap between male and female actors , that a female actor feels that they should n’t fight for their rights due to the amount of money they receive and the fact that a male co-star has to give up part of his paycheck to equalize the salary of his and his female co-star . It is truly unfair that male actors earn millions of dollars more than female actors who work equally as hard and work the same number of hours . When Forbes released their list of highest paid actors and actresses in 2017 , it was shocking . In 2017 , the highest paid actor was Mark Wahlberg , well known for his roles in the Transformers series and will be releasing three more movies this year . He earned 68 million dollars this while Dwayne Johnson who was last year ’s highest paid actor earnt 65 million dollars . The fifth highest paid actor in Hollywood was Jackie Chan and he earned 49 million dollars . Now , the highest paid actress , Emma Stone who deservingly won an Oscar for the hit musical La La Land did n’t even earn close to Wahlberg or even Jackie Chan . Stone earned 25 million dollars which were less than her La La Land counterpart Ryan Gosling . Gosling did n’t pick up an Oscar and earned 29 million dollars and he was part of the 14 highest paid actors.This is simply outrageous . How is this in any way fair ? A woman who has an equal part in her film and also won the Oscar for the Best Actress award earns four million dollars less than her male counterpart ? This is unacceptable in a society where women ’s rights have been voiced more and have become more powerful . In a place like the Hollywood movie industry , where year after year we have movies coming out about female empowerment like The Hunger Games ( 2012 ) and Wonder Woman ( 2017 ) . This is just shocking . How can such inequality occur today?How can you , as a producer pay your women less than men even if they work equal hours and even work harder sometimes ? Why is this that you consider your female actress as eye candy and are not ready to acknowledge the bursting talent they have ? Women do not have to be sidekicks to men or hide behind strong male leads . Women are more capable than that . They have more to offer than the cliche ‘ damsel in distress ’ or the girl who is looking to fall in love.The most unfortunate thing is that women have addressed this issue to you . Women have fought for their rights but have shut down by millions of people . Let ’s take one very bold example which is Jennifer Lawrence aged 27 . She is a winner of the Oscar Best Actress award in 2015 and when there was a Sony Hack where she found out how less she was being paid than her male counterparts . She wrote and I quote “ I did n’t get mad at Sony . I got mad at myself . I failed as a negotiator because I gave up early . I did n’t want to keep fighting over millions of dollars that , frankly , due to two franchises , I do n’t need . ( I told you it was n’t relatable , do n’t hate me ) . ” She felt that she was at fault because she was fighting for her rights . When Lawrence spoke to a man who was working for her in an assertive manner she got a reply that was “ Woah we are all on the same team here . ” If a man gives their opinion , it is accepted wholeheartedly but the minute a woman talks about how she feels it seems like she is saying something offensive . Why do women always have to seem adorable and likeable when they voice their rights ? A women ’s rights are hidden like a black fox at night . It ’s there but ca n’t be seen . It was also said then one producer , very much like you called Lawrence a “ spoiled brat , ” it ’s difficult to imagine a man being called that.You might say , in the film industry women and men both earn millions of dollars and it is childish and selfish for a woman to fight for more money than she already has . When there are millions of women who earn less than one dollar a day , why are people so hungry for money all the time ? However not only am I fighting for the unequal wages in Hollywood between men and women , I am fighting for the respect and the understanding that women are very talented and have so much to offer . This should n’t be taken lightly and women need the respect and money that they rightfully deserve regardless of how much money they earn anyhow.The last argument I have to offer is that male counterparts agree that women deserve the same amount of money they get . Emma Stone who was previously mentioned before says that “ In my career so far , I ’ve needed my male co-stars to take a pay cut so that I may have parity with them . And that ’s something they do for me because they feel it ’s what ’s right and fair . ” As clearly mentioned in this quote said by Stone herself , her male counterparts feel that their women lead deserve the same amount of money as them . If the men are ready to take pay cuts to support the correct and fair thing to do , so can you . Gender should not be a factor for unequal wages , aspects like unpunctuality , bad attitude , fewer work hours and many other aspects should be considered . But just for being a woman ? That seems far from fair . This needs to change and this will happen soon . For all of the young , aspiring actresses who want to be treated fairly and want to be paid equally , please listen to my calls.In conclusion , with the beautiful and inspiring movies being produced today , the work environment at Hollywood needs to change . With such talented actresses being part of movies that promote gender equality , it is needed that they feel the same respect their male co-stars feel . It is important that this changes . Not only for the actresses in Hollywood but for every struggling dreamer who wants to be an actress , for every accountant , doctor and lawyer that is being treated like she is worthless . This is for all of them . The next time you sign a film , I request and plead you to light the spark of this change . Make sure your female actresses are paid the same amount as your male actors , in a world where women ’s rights are empowered and in an era in cinema where we inspire young girls to be strong — this needs to happen now.Thank you , A female film lover	Open Letter to Hollywood Producers
The U.S. Congress will probably pass tax-cut legislation within the next two weeks , ushering in reductions that will boost economic growth by around 0.3 percentage point for next year and 2019 , according to estimates by Goldman Sachs Group Inc . With the Senate passing legislation on Saturday that matched the House of Representatives in including up to $ 10,000 in state and local property-tax deductions , that eliminated " the most important political difference between the bills before the conference negotiations start , " Goldman economists led by Jan Hatzius in New York wrote in a note . " We expect the final structure of the bill to reflect more of the Senate bill than the House bill , including a 20 percent corporate tax rate effective in 2019 , " the Goldman analysts wrote . While that ’s down from 35 percent today , considering the expected package more broadly , the effective corporate tax rate will come down by " only a couple of percentage points , " Goldman said . The median estimate of economists surveyed by Bloomberg is for the U.S. economy to expand 2.5 percent next year and 2.1 percent in 2019 , after 2.2 percent growth in 2017 .	Goldman : Trump Tax Cut to Boost Growth 0.3 Percentage Point in 2018-19
Try saying that 5 times fast … Fa la la la la la la la la ! ( I actually had to sing that out as I typed it to make sure I wrote the correct amount of “ la ’s ” ) — HAH . With winter fastly approaching , I wanted to reminisce on some of my favorite looks from my favorite season ! I can never get enough of fall . There ’s a different smell in the air whenever it ’s around and it ’s just so intoxicating . The sound of crunching crisp leaves beneath your feet . The smell of cider donuts and fresh apple pie . I could go on , but lets cut right to the chase ! My fave fall outfits — aaaaand , GO ! * Links are provided just for the store page as some of these clothing pieces are no longer listed on the site * Vest-Cardigan : Forever 21 ; Bodysuit : American Apparel ; Jeans : Levi ( boyfriend cut ) Casually cracking up as I remember the time it was like 80 and sunny in October ! Dang Mother Nature , you scary sometimes — but in a good way ! 😎 I was NOT complaining ! It helped me transition my summer wardrobe to fall . I was dressing light , but introducing more dark tones at the same time — pretty cool!Jean cardigan : Marshalls ; Knit tank top : Brandy Melville ; Bralette : Forever 21 ; Jeans : Gypsy Warrior ( no longer in business ) ; Loafers : White MountainEven nearing November , I was somehow still getting away with a loose knit tank top ?! I usually always stick to neutral tones and these loafers were THE perfect addition to my fall wardrobe . Nothing quite says fall like burnt Sienna ! That and a PSL ( pumpkin spice latte ) , but those suck ! 😝 Coat : Forever 21 ; Sweater : American Apparel ; Jeans : Levi ; Shoes : Steve Madden — purchased at TJ Maxx ; clutch/wallet : Michael KorsSeriously , how cute is this coat ? I have been dying for a cute long fall/winter coat that would n’t be too boxy on me . I have a small frame , so coats almost always fit me awkwardly . Buying this coat online was a HUGE risk , but what the heck , let ’s give it a shot ! The model kinda looks like my size , and it does n’t look like a potato sack on her ! It ca n’t be terrible looking on me . This is my thought process with any online purchase ! When I tried it on , it was such a great feeling . That putting just the right amount of butter on your popcorn at the movies feeling ( no , just me ? ) It fit wonderfully . Of course , a photoshoot was necessary ! Okay , bring it in Lisa . Enough about the damn coat ! This whole look is casual , comfy , and chic ! The pop of color in the sweater really ties everything together — hey ! that rhymes!This look right here . If I had to pick an outfit to wear everyday , look no further my friends . I get pure joy out of outfits like these . Simple , but so put together . Neutral tones again with a pop of color here and there ! This was the perfect look for the friendsgiving A.J. and I hosted this year!And with that , onward to Winter ! Afterall , it ’s the most wonderful time of the year !	Outfit highlights : Four Fall Fashion Faves
An educator who teaches entrepreneurship at European business schools , Jean-Jacques Degroof draws on his extensive experience in the fields of business and education . After completing a Ph.D. in Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , Jean-Jacques Degroof worked as a researcher at the MIT Industrial Performance Center ( IPC ) . Founded on a multidisciplinary research approach , IPC concentrates on the relationship of firms , industry and technological change and their impact on society and the economy . Through collaboration of teams from engineering , science , management , and the social sciences , the center delves into topics such as energy , advanced manufacturing , innovation ecosystems , and globalization.The IPC ’s research includes a unique focus on industries often from the bottom up . Faculty members and student researchers have visited thousands of factories , laboratories , and offices around the globe to develop an understanding of industrial change and its effects.These researchers have recorded their findings in numerous publications . For more information about the IPC and its research , visit ipc.mit.edu .	The Distinctive Research Approach of MIT Industrial Performance Center
Graphic designers are most definitely part of their own tribe . They love the smell of printed paper . They get excited about foils . They have an undying passion for beautifully designed things , from fashion and accessories to architecture and interior design.With so much to consider , how do you choose the perfect Christmas gift for the graphic designer in your life ? To help , we ’ve pulled together the ultimate gift guide for graphic designers . Expect everything from affordable stocking fillers like pin badges and fun little gadgets to more expensive treats . Rest assured , there ’s something to suit every taste and budget.CMYK PinPresent &amp; Correct ’s popular CMYK Pin is perfect for your design pals . Highlighting dedication to the cause and all-around geekery . It measures 20 mm in width and is really quite marvellous.Stack MagazinesFor those who love independent publications , Stack Magazines is offering Christmas gift packs that cost £ 20 for three months and include a free magazine from the archive , plus a sheet of their wrapping paper and a welcome card … then a regular subscription will begin from January.Happy SocksOne size socks that will literally make your designer pal jump for joy . Pick a pair from the Hysteria range , such as the Karen Ankle socks . Made of mercerised cotton blend to enhance the colours of this design , they give a subtle sheen and add extra comfort.Studio Arhoj Ghost in BlueBased on the Japanese Shinto religion , who believe everything in nature has a soul ( including mountains , rocks , plants , pebbles ) , these ceramic and porcelain ghosts each have a unique look and personality . Available in blue , pink , black , yellow and green via GoodHood.Onkyo CP-1050 Direct Drive TurntableThis beautiful wooden housed turntable is pre-amped and ready to go and comes complete with a Moving-Magnet cartridge and features slick aluminium finishing throughout . More importantly , it will make a stunning feature in any graphic designer ’s home.Totem DeerBuild and admire your own beautiful totum deer thanks to Studio ROOF . It ’s just one of the many 3D objects you can build from recycled sturdy cardboard . Other flatpack kits include cardboard mobiles , wall decorations and pop-out cards.Hug Life PinThis limited edition pin by Joshua Harris aka The A Board Dude is for designers who love to hug . It ’s something to wear and know what you stand for — in this case , peace and love . Love Joshua ’s work ? Check out video of his mural creation at Shillington London.Glam unicorn bookmarkThis glamorous unicorn bookmark by My BookMark is part of its Fairyland collection and just one of many witty and fun bookmarks , crafted from polymer clay . If unicorns do n’t cut it , check out the wicked witch version , inspired by The Wizard of Oz.Trump CushionThe rather wonderful Trump Cushion will make a decent stocking filler this Christmas . A collaborative effort from Nick Bell , Eoin Glaister , Freddy Taylor and comedy king Mr Bingo , it ’s just £ 5 courtesy of The Z List.HAY JugExpert glass artist Jochen Holz has created this glass Jug for HAY . Made from borosilicate glass so it is extra heat resistant and dishwasher safe , it costs just £ 28.50 . Plant Hanger by GoodhoodA seriously stylish plant hanger for those designers who love their plants . Available via Goods by Goodhood for £ 20 it can be suspended from wall or ceiling around the home or garden.Emerson ThrowThe Emerson Throw is designed by Oakland-based art studio Company Studio and its founder Chaz Bear , who is renowned for his musical project , Toro Y Moi , as well as his artistic and graphic talents . This throw , priced at $ 230 , is popping with primary colours and is perfect for the home , for picnics , or to hang on the wall as art.Typographic Print by PlaytypeWe love this typographic poster by Playtype . Entitled Welcome To The City Of Champions , the 70x100cm print is from the photo project ‘ Caledonia Jane ’ by Emil Hartvig . Printed on 150g uncoated paper in PANTONE colours , it ’s typed in Playtype ’s signature font Italian Plate No1.Tattly TattoosIf your friend has always wanted a tattoo but can never make up their mind what to get , then Tattly is the answer . They create and sell designer temporary tattoos that will excite and delight any graphic designer . We especially love these watercolour tattoos that feature butterflies , feathers and flowers . A snitch at $ 45.50 . Kaweco Two Tone fountain penAnother great stocking filler suggestion , the Kaweco Two Tone pen takes regular cartridges and will make an excellent addition to any stylish desk . Available via the rather irresistible Present &amp; Correct.Colours by Shanti SparrowYour graphic designer pal will love colouring in , so treat them to this highly designed , stunning first concept board book series by artist ( and Shillington lecturer ) Shanti Sparrow . Blending beautiful patterns and textures with vibrant colours and bold shapes , Shanti has created a magical world for anyone to immerse themselves in.Smart Charger SetIs your pal always running out of juice on their devices ? This Smart Charger Set by Native Union pairs its signature Belt Cable with a two-port high-speed USB charger with foldable pins , for a small and compact charging solution they can carry everywhere.Under Dogs by Jean JullienWe love Jean Jullien ’s latest book , Under Dogs which celebrates the best , worst and downright comical moments that come with owning a dog . Courtesy of Hato Press , it ’s CMYK litho printed and contains a collection of the French illustrator ’s witty artworks , reminding us to never underestimate man ’s best friend.L / Uniform custom-made bagIf you have a friend who ca n’t get enough of Wes Anderson , then a bespoke bag by L/Uniform might just make the perfect Christmas gift . Combine colours yourself and create your own model online . From royal blue , red and yellow to pink , black and white , the diversity of the edging , webbing and strap colours associated with the shades of canvas and leather let you create something truly unique.CorkNet tabletennis setLove table tennis but do n’t have room for a table tennis table ? CorkNet by Julian Bond turns any indoor or outdoor table or surface into a table tennis table . Made from natural cork , a flexible and hardwearing material , the freestanding ping pong net is lightweight and easy to store . It comes in two parts , making it simple to take with you wherever you go or to keep out of the way when not in use .	2017 Christmas Gift Ideas for Graphic Designers
Former Japan coach Philippe Troussier has cast doubt on the country 's hopes of surviving their group at next year 's World Cup , describing their draw as " bad news " . The Frenchman , who led the Blue Samurai to the last 16 as 2002 co-hosts , fears that Colombia and Senegal could have too much firepower for Japan in their first two Group H games in Russia . " Japan does n't have to be scared , " Troussier told AFP in an interview . " It 's a very balanced group and all four teams will have dreams of progressing . But I 'm not optimistic about Japan 's chances . " For me it 's not a good draw for Japan , " he added . " The fact that they play Colombia and Senegal in their first two matches is not good news . " The Japanese , currently coached by grizzled Franco-Bosnian Vahid Halilhodzic , were also grouped with Poland in Friday 's draw in Moscow.But Troussier suspects Japan 's fate might already be sealed before they run into Robert Lewandowski and friends in their third match . " Japan 's first match is key , " said the 62-year-old , known as the " White Witchdoctor " during coaching stints in Africa , including the national teams of Ivory Coast , Nigeria and South Africa . " They must beat Colombia but that wo n't be easy . They have four or five individual players who can hurt you at any time -- the same with Senegal . " Japan , who will be competing in a sixth successive World Cup , want to avenge a humiliating 4-1 thrashing by Colombia at the 2014 tournament in Brazil . - European philosophy - " I do n't know if you need to use revenge as motivation , " said Troussier , whose success in 2002 was overshadowed by joint host South Korea 's astonishing run to the semi-finals . " You ca n't compare the teams four years on . We do n't know if Vahid will even use players like ( Keisuke ) Honda or ( Shinji ) Kagawa . " Vahid is a European coach with a European philosophy , " added the Frenchman . " He 's a defensive coach and his strategy will be to play on the counter-attack . The quality of Japan is their collective strength , but at the World Cup , it will be difficult for them . " Halilhodzic took Algeria to the knockout stages of the 2014 World Cup , but Troussier believes a lack of creative spark could prove Japan 's downfall in Russia . " You need individual players who can make a difference -- Japan does n't have that quality , " he said . " Look at ( Cristiano ) Ronaldo or ( Lionel ) Messi . Colombia and Senegal have plenty of players like that . They 're going to cause Japan real problems . " Troussier tipped Senegal , led by their talismanic Liverpool forward Sadio Mane , to make a splash . " They do n't only have Sadio Mane , " he insisted . " Senegal 's players play at Europe 's top clubs . They have seven or eight individuals who can hurt you -- even on the bench . " I think Japan will face big problems at the World Cup , " added Troussier , who has hopes of finishing his coaching career in Japan at a J-League club . " It will be difficult for them to reach the second round . "	Japan will struggle at World Cup , warns Troussier
New Zealand snared the key scalp of Kraigg Brathwaite in a three-wicket morning session to pick up the scent of victory on day four of the first Test in Wellington on Monday.Brathwaite 's dismissal appeared to snap the West Indies resistance as they went to lunch at 286 for five after resuming the day at 214 for two.They still require 100 runs with five wickets remaining to make New Zealand bat again after starting their second innings 386 in arrears.The West Indies had pinned their hopes on Brathwaite anchoring a fightback but his stubborn stand ended when he had reached 91 . He had been assured for 221 deliveries , by far the longest innings by any player in the Test , as he defended calmly and attacked when necessary . But , after adding 12 to his overnight 79 , he was brought down during a brief concentration lapse to an innocuous delivery from spinner Mitchell Santner . To a ball that held its line , Brathwaite was too late bringing his bat down and was hit on the pads directly in line with the stumps . It capped a fine morning for the New Zealand spinner who pressured the batsmen throughout an astute seven-over spell which only yielded seven runs . With the introduction of the new ball , Trent Boult removed Shai Hope for 37 and Matt Henry bowled Roston Chase for 18 as the West Indies slumped to 273 for five . Sunil Ambris , who made a first-ball duck on debut in the first innings , hooked Boult for six to post the first Test runs of his career . He had moved to 18 not out at lunch with Shane Dowrich on three .	New Zealand claim Brathwaite as West Indies fightback falters
Former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair has revealed that he is actively fighting to reverse Brexit.In an interview on BBC Radio 4 on Sunday , Blair said he is campaigning to stop Britain leaving the European Union because promises made by the ‘ Leave ’ side during the referendum campaign have been found to be untrue . He specifically referred to the infamous “ £ 350 million a week for the National Health Service ” claim that the Leave side used as one of its main arguments . Blair , whose own legacy in the UK was heavily damaged by the country ’s involvement in the Iraq War , said that what was happening to the NHS was a “ national tragedy ” and that it was “ very clear ” that leaving the union would not result in greater funding for the “ crumbling ” health service . “ A lot of people will have voted for Brexit on the basis that if you get out of Europe , all this money is going to come back and we can spend it on the health service . And that was a very specific promise made by the Brexiteers , ” he said on the program . “ It is now very clear I think : one , that there is no extra money for the health service through Brexit and , secondly , we ’re actually going to be paying less money to the health service , not more money , because growth is down and because we ’ve also got this huge bill for the European Union . “ So when the facts change , I think people are entitled to change their mind . ” A poll carried out during the summer found that more than a quarter of people who voted for Brexit believe they were misled by the Leave campaign . The poll , which was carried out by Opinium , found that almost 10 percent of them would vote to remain in the EU if a second referendum was called . Blair also cited potential damage to the peace process in Northern Ireland as a reason to back out of exiting the EU . “ We can not allow some kind of collateral damage or unintended consequence of Brexit to [ be ] the recreation of a border on the island of Ireland , ” he said . “ If you end up with a hard border , obviously that causes tensions . It does n't mean that you should abandon the Good Friday Agreement , but it poses real challenges to it . ”	‘ People are entitled to change their mind ’ : Tony Blair confirms he is fighting to cancel Brexit
I am not the first person you loved.You are not the first person I looked atwith a mouthful of forevers . Wehave both known loss like the sharp edgesof a knife . We have both lived with lipsmore scar tissue than skin . Our love cameunannounced in the middle of the night.Our love came when we ’d given upon asking love to come . I thinkthat has to be partof its miracle.This is how we heal.I will kiss you like forgiveness . Youwill hold me like I ’m hope . Our armswill bandage and we will press promisesbetween us like flowers in a book.I will write sonnets to the salt of sweaton your skin . I will write novels to the scarof your nose . I will write a dictionaryof all the words I have used tryingto describe the way it feels to have finally , finally found you.And I will not be afraidof your scars.I know sometimesit ’s still hard to let me see youin all your cracked perfection , but please know : whether it ’s the days you burnmore brilliant than the sunor the nights you collapse into my lapyour body broken into a thousand questions , you are the most beautiful thing I ’ve ever seen.I will love you when you are a still day.I will love you when you are a hurricane .	“ I am not the first person you loved ” , Clementine von Radics
THE HAGUE ( AFP ) - The chief prosecutor of the UN war crimes court Sunday urged Croatian leaders to face up to what happened in the past and work towards reconciliation , after the suicide of a Bosnian Croat leader.In dramatic scenes Wednesday , Slobodan Praljak swallowed poison before UN tribunal judges , just moments after they upheld his 20-year jail sentence for war crimes in the 1990s Balkans conflicts . " It is unfortunate that Mr. Praljak made the choice to end his life , " Serge Brammertz , chief prosecutor for the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) , told AFP . " But you will understand that my thoughts are with the victims and survivors of the crimes for which he was convicted , " he added , in an email reply to questions from AFP.The preliminary results of an autopsy by Dutch prosecutors Friday showed that Praljak , 72 , likely died from heart failure after swallowing potassium cyanide.The unprecedented incident is being investigated by both Dutch prosecutors and the ICTY , which is probing how he smuggled the bottle of poison into the tightly-guarded tribunal in The Hague.The drama came as appeals judges upheld long jail terms on six former Bosnian Croat political and military leaders , who had denied committing crimes against Bosnian Muslims in the early 1990s . " The final judgment in this case remains fully valid , " Brammertz told AFP . " Our job as prosecutors was to establish the facts and hold senior officials accountable , and that is what we did . " It was the final verdict handed down by the tribunal , which will close its doors on December 31 after 24 years prosecuting those behind the worst atrocities in Europe since World War II.The judges confirmed that Praljak and his five Bosnian Croat co-defendants were part of a " joint criminal enterprise " to ethnically cleanse Bosnian Muslims in the war . But Croatian officials have also been angered that the judges upheld the original trial 's finding that the " ultimate purpose " of the criminal enterprise in Bosnia was shared by late Croatian president Franjo Tudjman , seen as the " father " of his country . " It would have been hoped that Croatian officials and media would act more responsibly and promote acceptance of the facts , but that unfortunately is not what we are seeing , " said Brammertz . " Instead , among many there is again a refusal to respect the judicial process and the facts proved , and claims that convicted war criminals are in fact heroes , " he said . " This denial disrespects the victims . " Since Praljak 's death , Croats have paid multiple tributes to the late general , laying flowers and lighting candles in town squares in Croatia and Bosnia.And Croatia 's Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic said the ICTY verdict was one of " deep moral injustice . " But Brammertz said the verdict was of " immense importance " and added , " one would hope that an EU member state would be focused more on reconciliation and finding agreement on the recent past . "	UN prosecutor urges Croatian leaders to face up to war-time past
After what felt like a never-ending day , Logan Wiemers finally entered his apartment and immediately sprawled out onto his bed . Though ever so close , the midpoint point in his Colorado State undergraduate tenure seemed like it was miles away.One day of finals was in the books . As he collapsed onto his bed , Logan exhaled a well-earned sigh of relief after confidently knocking out his finance and marketing final exams . Unfortunately for Logan , his relaxed state had to be temporary . Three more final exams laid ahead in the next two days for the business major.Watching the sunrise and pounding coffee after coffee was the daily routine for Logan over the past week . Logan is and has been a hard worker for his entire life . However , his tendency to procrastinate was catching up to him.It was already six p.m. With the sun beginning to set , Logan ’s bed was winning the battle . He was struggling to keep his eyes open and the last thing he wanted to think about was school . Stressed out and mentally drained as can be , Logan knew he could n’t go back to studying right now . It just would n’t work . But , disregarding his studies for the remainder of the evening was something he knew he could n’t afford to do if he wanted to perform well on his exams.Logan decided to compromise with himself . The solution was taking one hour to relax before hitting the books until the birds were chirping in the morning . Logan was tempted to use that one hour to sleep . But , he feared that if he closed his eyes , he would n’t be able to wake up until tomorrow . There had to be something else for him to do to get his mind at ease.First , he unenthusiastically channel surfed through his TV , but nothing peaked his interest . Video games were out of the question . Logan ’s XBOX tragically broke a few weeks prior . Out of the corner of his eye , Logan noticed his Akai MPK Mini Keyboard poking out of his closet beneath some dirty laundry and next to an old shoe . “ I honestly completely forgot that I even had the keyboard , ” Logan said . “ I had no idea how to use it . But I thought why not bust it out , there really is n’t anything else to do . ” Logan dislodged the instrument from its chamber of garbage and wrinkly clothes . As he blew the dust off of the forgotten device , he placed it on his desk next to his computer . Logan carelessly jammed one end of the keyboard ’s chord into his computer and the other into the keyboard . And little did he know , that very moment was the beginning of a new chapter in his life , his musical career . “ I really had absolutely no idea what I was doing for a while there , ” Logan said . “ But , the more I practiced , the more I figured out . Each time I got a grasp on doing something new , like transitioning a beat or adding a snare drum in the background , I got into making music even more . ” Logan situated himself and opened Studio One , the free music-making software he , for a reason beyond him , coincidentally already had downloaded onto his Asus computer . A quick glance at the clock reminded Logan that he had around 50 more minutes until seven p.m. , the dreaded time to study again.The possibilities were endless as to what type of song Logan could create . Though Studio One is only a free software , Logan quickly learned that there was actually a lot he could do with it . Logan had no desire to sing or rap , and did n’t find it original to use audio of other people singing . He felt it would n’t completely be his work if he did . Music has heavily influenced Logan ’s life for as long as he can remember , but never before from an artistic standpoint . “ I ’ve closely followed the artists that I like since I was a little kid , ” Logan said . “ I ’m always on the prowl for finding new songs , I really ca n’t ever get enough . I think part of what has helped my work progress is the fact that I ’ve always loved and paid close attention to music . That kind of makes the creative process much easier for me . I know how a song should sound . ” Logan started listening to Hip-Hop in high school . His interest in Hip-Hop began with some of the more mainstream artists , such as G-Eazy , J. Cole , and A$ ap Rocky . Now , his listening habits have extended to more “ underground ” artists like “ $ uicideboy $ , A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie , Run the Jewels , and the Flatbush Zombies.In addition to Hip-Hop , Logan started listening to “ heavy ” EDM music towards the end of highschool . “ I definitely got into rap way before I got into EDM , ” Logan said . “ I ’d say I listen to rap under more circumstances than I listen to EDM . But , I started listening to EDM to pump me up before football games . Since then that ’s probably the most frequent time I play some bass-dropping type stuff , when I want to be motivated and hyped up , like at the gym . ” Logan is the most passionate and knows the most about Hip-Hop and EDM compared to other genres . Though he still did n’t really know where to begin when creating a song , his knowledge of the two genres made either seem like a logical choice.The go-to song at the time for Logan when plugging in his headphones before his walk to campus from the District apartments on Plum Street was producer Metro Boomin and rapper Future ’s latest collaboration , Mask Off . The “ trappy ” , Atlanta-influenced single that was released about a month prior to the day Logan first picked up his keyboard helped direct his first track . “ Oh I could n’t stop listening to Mask Off at the time , ” Logan said . “ Not the biggest Future fan but he does well on that song and I love Metro Boomin , he ’s probably my favorite producer . I think that song subconsciously shaped what I made that day . ” The eventual first finished product created by Logan , which began on this night , consisted of both EDM and Hip-Hop traits . Which , coincidentally , fits the description of quite a few Metro Boomin tracks . Despite beginning the song in the midst of frantic finals studying , Logan ’s first song ( Champ ) is one that he still takes a lot of pride in . “ I obviously was n’t as good at making music when I started Champ , Logan said . “ But the fact that I made it with no prior knowledge on how to make music is why I ’m super proud of it . ” With 50 minutes on the clock until break time was over , Logan began by fidgeting with the sample audios and effects provided by his software . He started messing around with the keyboard as well , and realized that implementing his own rhythms from the keyboard could really make his song unique . From the second he plugged that chord in , Logan abided by originality . “ Even before I knew what I was making I figured that making something generic would be a waste of time , ” Logan said . “ I ca n’t be proud of something that sounds the same as everyone else ’s music . ” Logan found the sample beats given in the software extremely unoriginal and boring . So , he scavenged through Youtube to find a beat with an inviting sound for him to mix and transform.After about 10 minutes or so , Logan found his match . The qualifying beat , which he then converted to an MP3 , was a rhythmic , downtempo EDM tune with Hip-Hop undertones.Now that he had his “ base ” , Logan could really get to work . Logan toyed with cutting the song as well as changing the volume levels . Then , he strategically placed a few sounds from the keyboard that he created on the spot.As he listened to his unfinished product , Logan was happy that the song sounded different from the original audio he downloaded . However , the song did n’t sound enough like his own work for him to call it quits there . And after all , it was only around 6:30 p.m. , not quite time to flip through his textbooks just yet.Logan continued to discover everything his software had to offer . He stumbled upon a four-beat bass drum , which could be added to the background of the track . Logan particularly liked how this meshed with what he had created so far . The bass drum is simple , but it really helped give the song more of an EDM feel . It also brought the tempo up a little bit . “ Champ was a little too slow before I added the bass drum , ” Logan said . “ There also was n’t enough going on , it was unexciting . I had Hip-Hop in mind too when making it , but I liked how the bass-drum also helped distinguish the EDM vibe within the track . ” After adding the bass-drum and realizing how such a simple addition could drastically change the dynamic of his song , Logan became very intrigued . This was when he got his first “ rush ” from creating music . Though he still did n’t really know what he was doing , it was then when Logan realized that making music would n’t just be a one-time thing for him.Logan went on to add high hats , claps , and some more bass to the song . These all contributed to both the EDM and Hip-Hop identities of the track . His curiosity was growing by the minute . He could n’t stop trying to improve and perfect the track . Logan willingly lost himself within the process . Simultaneously , he lost track of time . The next thing he knew , it was nine p.m. His keyboard was collecting dust earlier , but now his textbooks were.Creating a song ended up being an ideal solution to get his worn-out brain out of a funk . Unfortunately , Logan enjoyed the process so much that he was even less motivated to study than before . With music and his newfound hobby on his mind , studying for his exams did n’t go too well . But , Logan ’s music-making capabilities only got better from then on.Flash forward about seven months later to present time . Though none are publicly uploaded , Logan now has 10 completed tracks . The first time he sat down and crafted a song seemed smooth to him at the time . Looking back on it however , that was much more hectic and unorganized than his method is now . “ There is n’t an exact formula for making a song , ” Logan said . “ I still do n’t always completely know what my end goal is when I make a song . But , with more experience I can now make something much more efficiently and when something does n’t sound exactly how I want it to , I usually can find a solution pretty quickly . ” Logan has without a doubt come a long way in the early stages of his music career . Music is a hobby for him at the moment , not a career . But his passion for creating music is on a steady incline , making music more and more of a priority in his life.A smile stretches across Logan ’s face and a sense of thankfulness can be heard in his tone when looking back on the day he randomly decided to wipe the cobwebs off of his keyboard.Picking up his keyboard that day may have negatively impacted his final grades , but he would n’t have had it any other way . Without making that decision , it ’s a given that Logan would n’t be at where he is today as a music producer .	Logan Wiemers Transmedia Writing
After Geno Smith — the quarterback he was benched for — struggled in his start in the New York Giants ' 24-17 loss to the Oakland Raiders , Eli Manning said he is planning to play in 2018 . We just do n't know where . Manning , who was benched this week after New York got off to a 2-9 start , could be seen holding a clipboard and interacting on the sideline as Smith went 21-for-34 for 212 yards and a touchdown . Sunday marked the first time he had n't started for the Giants since 2004 , a string of 210 regular-season starts . Manning 's father , Archie , said earlier Sunday he would n't be surprised if Manning decided to step away from the game after his 14th season . After saying his son was " not bitter " but would move on from the benching earlier this week , Archie told NFL.com : " There 's no sense speculating . If he 's still there , we do n't know what their future plans are , if other people are there . And you have no idea what other teams will think of a 37-year-old quarterback . You do n't have any idea . " Eli might say , ' I 've had enough . I 'm feeling good , I 've got a beautiful wife , three little girls , I 'm healthy . And that 's it . ' So there 's no sense speculating . " More : Are Giants on verge of firing coach Ben McAdoo ? Sure feels that way More : Geno Smith blasts ' coward ' Rex Ryan after game The two-time Super Bowl MVP seems to be leaning toward staying around . After Sunday 's loss , the 36-year-old told reporters , at two different times during the interview : " I plan on playing next season . " And as for coach Ben McAdoo , who many expect to be fired , Manning said : " ... I do n't want that . I do n't want anybody to get fired . When a coach gets fired , it 's usually because the team , the players and myself have n't performed up to our duties . " Meanwhile , Manning said he " was going to be a good teammate here and do my part . " I 'm not mad at anybody . ... I do n't blame anybody for the way ( my benching ) was handled . I think Coach McAdoo tried to do right by me but knowing I was going to come out of the game , I could n't play that way . " PHOTOS : NFL WEEK 13	Eli Manning says he plans to play in 2018 , does n&apos;t want Ben McAdoo fired
Shohei Ohtani may be the " Babe Ruth of Japan , " but he wo n't be playing for the Babe 's New York Yankees , general manager Brian Cashman said Sunday.Cashman told reporters that Ohtani , the coveted Japanese star primed to make a move to the US major leagues , had ruled out the Yankees and appears to prefer the idea of West Coast teams and smaller markets . " ( The Yankees ) have been informed today that we have been eliminated from the Ohtani sweepstakes , so we are out , " Cashman told reporters after rappelling down the 22-story Landmark Square Building in Stamford , Connecticut . " I got a call ( Sunday ) , this afternoon , the first round was presentations . And I do n't know who 's invited to Round Two , but we 're not . " According to the Boston Globe , the Boston Red Sox were also informed they were eliminated from the bidding . Other media reports indicated that the Toronto Blue Jays , Pittsburgh Pirates , Minnesota Twins , Milwaukee Brewers and New York Mets are out of the hunt.Meanwhile , reports suggested that the Seattle Mariners and San Francisco Giants are among nine teams to be granted a meeting with Ohtani.Ohtani , 23 , is one of the hottest properties in baseball -- a two-way threat with a fastball clocked at 100 mph ( 160.93 km/h ) and an explosive presence at the plate.His move to America had been on hold as Major League Baseball and Nippon Professional Baseball worked out a new posting system by which Japanese clubs are compensated for players lured Stateside before they become free agents.Although his 2017 season with the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters was hampered by an ankle injury , in 2016 he put up dazzling numbers , with a 10-4 record and a 1.86 ERA in 140 innings.At the plate he hit .322 and clubbed 22 home runs.In 403 games over four seasons with the Japan Pacific League club he batted .286 with 48 homers , 166 RBIs and a .859 OPS . As a pitcher , he was 42-15 with a 2.52 ERA in 85 outings ( 82 starts ) . On Friday , the Nippon Ham Fighters established a posting price at $ 20 million -- the maximum allowable figure . Any willing to meet the posting price would get a chance to negotiate within a 21-day window through December 22 . Cashman said he felt the Yankees made an " excellent " presentation to Ohtani , but he quickly got a sense that the player was n't interested . " Then I got the unfortunate news today that we were out of the picture . That does not mean that anybody East Coast and anybody big market is out of the picture , " Cashman said . " I ca n't speak for them . "	Ohtani narrows list of potential Major League teams
Territorial changes in the war in eastern UkraineDuring the chaos of the war of the pretenders in the so-called Luhansk People ’s Republic ( LNR ) , the Ukrainian Armed Forces ( UAF ) utilized political instability and uncertainty in an attempt to seize more territory , changing the line of contact in eastern Ukraine.The Ukrainian side of the Joint Centre for Control and Co-ordination ( JCCC ) called reports of UAF advances “ information provocations to discredit the UAF and ATO , ” and stated the UAF is in full compliance with the Minsk agreements , as the UAF can “ improve ” its positions in eastern Ukraine so long as they are in alignment with the line of contact noted within the framework of the Minsk agreements.The Press Center of the Ukrainian Anti-Terrorist Operation ( ATO ) reported the ATO headquarters requested , “ people who cooperate with the UAF not distribute any information , photos , and video material related to tactical and operational actions ( moving , changing positions , disclosure of units , promotion , etc ) , ” following an incident in which leaked information endangered the safety of UAF troops in the Donbas.Travneve and Hladosove , Donetsk OblastOn November 26 , the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe ’s Special Monitoring Mission ( OSCE SMM ) to Ukraine followed-up on “ allegations of the Ukrainian Armed Forces having moved into the village of Travneve , ” a village north of Horlivka . Interviews with civilians and members of the UAF , reports from the so-called DNR “ press center ” as well as social media reports indicate that the UAF 24th Aidar Battalion and 54th Brigade moved into Travneve on November 22 . Per the Minsk agreed line of contact , Travneve is designated on the Ukrainian side of the line.Electricity supply was cut off in Travneve since November 14 , and water was cut off since November 21 . After UAF seizure , residents were unable to cross the road into non-government-controlled Holmivskyi from November 22 – 27 to go to their usual grocery store , as Travneve does not have one of its own . Travneve has about 120 , mostly elderly , residents . After November 27 , the road connecting newly-government-controlled Travneve , Hladosove , and non-government-controlled Holmivskyi , reopened to pedestrians.Map of area seized by the UAF , showing Travneve and Hladosove in relation to the previous line of contact and current line of contact ( with non-government-controlled areas shaded in red ) . ( Source : MinskMonitor.Liveuamap.com ) Since their first visit on November 26 , the OSCE SMM tried repeatedly to re-enter Travneve ; however , the paved road into the town was covered in mines ( including anti-tank mines ) beginning November 28 , which prevented the SMM from proceeding due to mandated security restrictions.In a press briefing on November 30 , the Anti-Terrorist Operation ( ATO ) headquarters reported a so-called DNR UAV flight over Zaitseve , Travneve , and Hladsove.Humanitarian AidAfter the UAF took control of Travneve and Hladosove , the UAF delivered canned food to the villages and published photos along with a daily report on the situation in the east . The so-called DNR spokesperson announced that the recently seized towns were facing a humanitarian crisis , but curiously stressed that there was a “ stable supply of essential goods to the villages ” from the “ DNR . ” Military PositionsAdditionally , the same OSCE SMM daily report stated , Aerial imagery of the area taken on 13 November revealed a forward observation trench north of the village with the main trench system and revetted vehicle positions a further 1200m to the north.The report is likely referring to the position in the animation below.Note , this position ( highlighted in blue box below ) appears connected to another sizable trench system with vehicle positions slightly northwest of its position ( highlighted in magenta box below ) . ConclusionReports about the UAF seizing towns in the “ gray zone ” are erroneous , and tend to be in line with Russian-led separatist reports . There is no “ gray zone ” designated in the Minsk agreements , only the line of contact when the agreement was signed and the current line of contact . These lines of contact vary as there have been extensive and repeated violations to the agreements , notably with the battle of Debaltseve in 2015 . @DFRLab will continue to monitor the situation as there are further developments.Follow the latest Minsk II violations via the @DFRLab ’s #MinskMonitor .	Changes in the Line of Contact in the Donbas
Feature scaling can vary your results a lot while using certain algorithms and have a minimal or no effect in others . To understand this , let ’s look why features need to be scaled , varieties of scaling methods and when we should scale our features.Why ScalingMost of the times , your dataset will contain features highly varying in magnitudes , units and range . But since , most of the machine learning algorithms use Eucledian distance between two data points in their computations , this is a problem.If left alone , these algorithms only take in the magnitude of features neglecting the units . The results would vary greatly between different units , 5 kg and 5000gms . The features with high magnitudes will weigh in a lot more in the distance calculations than features with low magnitudes.To supress this effect , we need to bring all features to the same level of magnitudes . This can be acheived by scaling.How to Scale FeaturesThere are four common methods to perform Feature Scaling.Standardisation : Standardisation replaces the values by their Z scores.This redistributes the features with their mean μ = 0 and standard deviation σ = 1 . sklearn.preprocessing.scale helps us implementing standardisation in python .2 . Mean Normalisation : Tiny Features vs Mega FeaturesThis distribution will have values between -1 and 1with μ = 0 . Standardisation and Mean Normalization can be used for algorithms that assumes zero centric data like Principal Component Analysis ( PCA ) .3 . Min-Max Scaling : This scaling brings the value between 0 and 1.4 . Unit Vector : Scaling is done considering the whole feature vecture to be of unit length.Min-Max Scaling and Unit Vector techniques produces values of range [ 0,1 ] . When dealing with features with hard boundaries this is quite useful . For example , when dealing with image data , the colors can range from only 0 to 255 . When to ScaleRule of thumb I follow here is any algorithm that computes distance or assumes normality , scale your features !! ! Some examples of algorithms where feature scaling matters are : k-nearest neighbors with an Euclidean distance measure is sensitive to magnitudes and hence should be scaled for all features to weigh in equally.Scaling is critical , while performing Principal Component Analysis ( PCA ) . PCA tries to get the features with maximum variance and the variance is high for high magnitude features . This skews the PCA towards high magnitude features.We can speed up gradient descent by scaling . This is because θ will descend quickly on small ranges and slowly on large ranges , and so will oscillate inefficiently down to the optimum when the variables are very uneven.Tree based models are not distance based models and can handle varying ranges of features . Hence , Scaling is not required while modelling trees.Algorithms like Linear Discriminant Analysis ( LDA ) , Naive Bayes are by design equipped to handle this and gives weights to the features accordingly . Performing a features scaling in these algorithms may not have much effect.Hope you understood the why , how and when of feature scaling.I would love to hear more about your best practices and rules of thumb . Please comment below to enlighten us all with the same .	Why , How and When to Scale your Features
Like pretty much every millenial out there , I live life in the fast lane . Constantly switching between school , work , social life and personal life and finding myself worn out most of the time . To the extent that if I have an hour free from tasks or a few minutes to take a deep breath I will instantly question if something is wrong . Like , why am I not doing anything ? Am I being stagnant ? Am I getting behind other people ? The quest to continually perform actions drives me into this restless competition , that I guess as adults we often name it the rat race . The struggle is real . So is the pressure that we bear each day . If someone was to ask me how many days I have truly lived , I would give them the greatest look of hesitation . I do n’t think I would be one to excel at such realm of life . I get by the days , I do n’t live them to the full potential they could always have been . Such an ashaming confession to make.The list of elements making a day less of living and more of surviving could go on forever but for me it ’s just one significant thing — fear . The slightest thing touches me off at the snap of a finger . I fear life . I fear what it has to offer or throws at me without any heads up . I fear my reactions towards the chain of events I encounter . I fear a lot of things . I even fear my own fears.And in my best defense , I choose to avoid the things I fear.You can tell that I ’m no Sally , I ’m George — sadly without the skills to draw . I see a lot of myself in him — someone who builds an invisible layer of protection to his surrounding . If he sees no point of living life when it ’s just merely an illusion . Then , I see no point of confiding in people when it ’s just me who can get me . Fortunately those days are long past , I ’m in a more exuberant state of affair now.One thing I ’m delighted to take out of the movie is : When you feel something , you got ta act on it . Otherwise , it will slip away and leave you with haunting regrets.Too often when we spot a change in our routined pace , we seem to shake a little and decide to downplay it . Some even kill it off before it has a chance to blossom into anything . Is n’t it way easier to deny the unknown than be held accountable for something we are n’t yet fully aware of ? In this term , fear has now transformed into uncertainty and none likes to stay in the dark . This is life , we do n’t get to choose what , when , why and how we our feelings should come or go . One good thing is , we do get to follow our instincts and trust our guts if we allow ourselves to . As cliche as it sounds , If you want something , go for it . If you have a crush on someone , tell them . If you hate your job , find another.Don ’ t ignore the signs , you know they are here for a good damn reason .	Do n’t ignore the signs , you know they are here for a good damn reason .
Dec 4 ( Reuters ) - Below are the ratings awarded by Credit Rating Information Service of India ( CRISIL ( NS : CRSL ) ) for local debt instruments as of December 1 , 2017 . COMPANYINSTRUMENTRATINGAMOUNT MOVEMENT ( RS.MLN ) ----------- --------- SHORT TERM RATINGS : ------------------- Ashtanga Educational TrustCRISIL DDowngradedfrom CRISIL A4 Ambadi Investments LtdCP@CRISIL A1 +1500 Reaffirmed Enhanced from Rs. 137 Crore ; @ Rs . .120 crore being transferred to Ambadi Investments Pvt Ltd from Murugappa Holdings Ltd ( MHL ) upon merger of the two entities . Bajrangbali Vanijya Pvt LtdExport PackingCRISIL A3 + ReaffirmedCredit Cholamandalam ( NS : CHLA ) Investment and FinanceST Debt Programme CRISIL A1 +10000 Withdrawal Co. Ltd DiamondstarPacking CreditCRISIL D89 .1 Downgradedfrom CRISILA4 + DiamondstarPost ShipmentCRISIL D133 .8 DowngradedCreditProposed ST BkCRISIL D97 .1 DowngradedLoan Facfrom CRISILA4 + Edelweiss Commodities Services LtdST Bk FacCRISIL A1 +600 Reaffirmed Edelweiss Commodities Services LtdStandby LOCCRISIL A1 +1520 Reaffirmed Edelweiss Commodities Services LtdST Debt Issue * CRISIL A1 +8000 Assigned * Assigned for initial / follow-on public offer financing on episodic basis . Edelweiss Commodities Services Ltd40000 Withdrawal * Assigned for initial / follow-on public offer financing on episodic basis . Edelweiss Commodities Services Ltd4000Reaffirmed * Assigned for initial / follow-on public offer financing on episodic basis . Edelweiss Commodities Services Ltd10000 Reaffirmed * Assigned for initial / follow-on public offer financing on episodic basis . Edelweiss Commodities Services LtdST Debt ( Including CRISIL A1 +70000 ReaffirmedST NCD ) Edelweiss Financial ( NS : EDEL ) Services LtdAssigned * Assigned for initial public offering/open offer financing on episodic basis Edelweiss Financial Services Ltd45000 Withdrawal * Assigned for initial public offering/open offer financing on episodic basis Edelweiss Financial Services LtdReaffirmed * Assigned for initial public offering/open offer financing on episodic basis Edelweiss Financial Services Ltd20000 Reaffirmed * Assigned for initial public offering/open offer financing on episodic basis Edelweiss Financial Services LtdST DebtCRISIL A1 +63500 Reaffirmed Galvano India Pvt LtdCRISIL A4 + Assigned Indsil Hydro Power and Manganese LtdLOCCRISIL A4 +275.5 Withdrawal Karnataka Chemical IndustriesReaffirmed Karnataka Chemical IndustriesBill Discounting CRISIL A4 + Reaffirmedunder LOC Karnataka Chemical Industries125Reaffirmed Karnataka Chemical IndustriesOverdraftUpgraded fromCRISIL BB - KGPS Mechanical Pvt Ltdfrom CRISIL A4 RSPL LtdLOC &amp; BGCRISIL A1 +3000 Reaffirmed RSPL LtdCP ProgrammeReaffirmed Saagar Eco Projects Pvt LtdLOC &amp; BGCRISIL A4Assigned Satkartar ElectronicsUpgraded fromCRISIL A4 Sona Biscuits LtdReaffirmed Sona Biscuits LtdReaffirmed Sunbeam Auto Pvt LtdCP #CRISIL A1 +350 Reaffirmed #Earlier Short Term Debt Tega Industries LtdLOC #CRISIL A2665 .8 Reaffirmed #Fully interchangeable with letter of credit , bank guarantee , and buyer 's credit . Vivid Global Industries LtdImport LOC Limit CRISIL A4 + Reaffirmed VSC Infra Pvt LtdProposed BGCRISIL A4 +29.4 Assigned VSC Infra Pvt Ltd120 .6 Assigned LONG TERM RATINGS : ------------------- A G Fats Pvt LtdCRISIL BB +400 Upgraded fromCRISIL BB A G Fats Pvt LtdLT LoanCRISIL BB+P roposed LT BkCRISIL BB+CRISIL BB Ananya Shelters Pvt LtdCash TLWithdrawal Ashtanga Educational Trust0 .3 from CRISIL B - Ashtanga Educational TrustRupee TLCRISIL D127 .2 Downgradedfrom CRISIL B - Bajrangbali Vanijya Pvt LtdCRISIL BBBReaffirmed Bajrangbali Vanijya Pvt Ltd259Assigned Brindco Enterprises Pvt Ltd150BBB - Brindco Enterprises Pvt LtdProposed CC Limit CRISIL BB+A ssigned Caparo Financial Solutions LtdCRISIL BBB-250Reaffirmed Caparo Financial Solutions LtdLoan Fac Cholamandalam Investment and FinanceLower Tier IICRISIL AA2000Reaffirmed Co. LtdBonds Durg Shivnath Expressways Pvt LtdLT LoanCRISIL BBB +2000 Withdrawal Edelweiss Commodities Services LtdLT Bk FacCRISIL AA325070005000ReaffirmedLoan Fac ** ** Interchangeable with short term bank facilities Edelweiss Commodities Services LtdNCDsCRISIL AA30000 Reaffirmed Edelweiss Commodities Services LtdCRISIL AA1050Reaffirmed Galvano India Pvt Ltd32 .2 Assigned Galvano India Pvt Ltd57 .8 AssignedLoan Fac Galvano India Pvt Ltd380Withdrawal Indsil Hydro Power and Manganese Ltd29 .3 Withdrawal Indus Valley Promoters LtdProposed TLfrom CRISIL BB Indus Valley Promoters Ltdfrom CRISIL BB Karanja Terminal &amp; Logistics Pvt LtdCRISIL BB-4800CRISIL BBCRISIL BB - Karnataka Chemical Industries52 .4 Downgradedfrom CRISIL B KGPS Mechanical Pvt Ltd22 .6 from CRISIL B Mahesh Hardware and Pipes Pvt Ltd470Reaffirmed MNM Triplewall Containers Pvt Ltd106 .5 Upgraded fromCRISIL BB MNM Triplewall Containers Pvt Ltd293 .5 Upgraded fromCRISIL BB Mount Velour Rubber Works Pvt LtdCRISIL B+R eaffirmed Mount Velour Rubber Works Pvt LtdLoan Fac Patanjali Biscuits Pvt Ltd200CRISIL AA-2390857.3 Reaffirmed RSPL LtdProposed FB BkCRISIL AA-292.7 ReaffirmedLimits RSPL Ltd20000 Reaffirmed RSPL LtdNCDsCRISIL1000ReaffirmedAA - / Positive RSPL LtdAA - / Positive Saagar Eco Projects Pvt LtdAssigned Saagar Eco Projects Pvt Ltd100CRISIL B + Shree Flavours LLPReaffirmed Shri Ram Impex India Pvt LtdBuyer ` s CreditReaffirmed Siemens ( NS : SIEM ) Financial Services Pvt LtdCorporate Credit CCR AAAWithdrawalRating Sona Biscuits Ltd83 .5104.9 ReaffirmedLoan Fac Sona Biscuits Ltd81 .1 Reaffirmed Sri Lakshmi Kalavathi Cotton CompanyCC &amp; WC demand loanCRISIL BAssigned Sri Lakshmi Kalavathi Cotton CompanyProposed LT BkCRISIL BLoan Fac Sri Vaibhava Lakshmi Enterprises Pvt LtdLT LoanCRISIL C172Reaffirmed Sri Vaibhava Lakshmi Enterprises Pvt LtdOpen CCCRISIL CReaffirmed Sunbeam Auto Pvt LtdCC * CRISIL AA-1740Reaffirmed * Interchangeable with packing credit foreign currency loan Tega Industries ( Sez ) Ltd500Reaffirmed * Interchangeable with non-fund-based bank facilities Tega Industries ( Sez ) Ltd330Reaffirmed Tega Industries LtdCC ^ CRISIL BBB +1020 Reaffirmed ^ Fully interchangeable with export packing credit , packing credit in foreign currency , post shipment in foreign currency , working capital demand loan &amp; bill discounting , letter of credit , bank guarantee , and buyer 's credit . Ujjain Packaging Pvt Ltd32 .1 Upgraded fromCRISIL B - Ujjain Packaging Pvt Ltd45 .7 Upgraded fromCRISIL B - Usaka Hydro Powers Pvt Ltd10 .3 Reaffirmed Usaka Hydro Powers Pvt LtdAssigned Vivid Global Industries LtdForeign BillCRISIL BB+U pgraded fromPurchaseCRISIL BB Vivid Global Industries Ltd7 .27.8 CRISIL BB VSC Infra Pvt LtdAssigned -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- $ : Rating watch with positive implication # : Rating Watch with Developing implications @ : Rating Watch with Negative Implications % : Rating under Credit Watch wd - Rating Stands Withdrawn sp - Rating Suspended pp - Principal Protected pn - Principal Not Protected CRISIL may apply + or - signs for ratings to reflect a comparative standing within the category . BG-Bank Guarantee ; CC-Cash Credit ; CCPS-Cumulative Convertible Preference Share ; CD-Certificate of Deposit ; CLO-Collateralized Loan Obligation ; CPA-Claims Paying Ability ; CP-Commercial Paper ; CPS-convertible preference shares ; CRPS - Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preference shares ; DDB-Deep Discount Bond ; EPBI-Exchange premium bond ; FBL-Fund Based Limits ; FRB/FRN - Floating Rate Bond/Note ; ICD - Inter Corporate Deposit ; ITD-Immediate Term Debt ; LOC-Letter of Credit ; LT - Long Term ; LTB - Long Term Borrowing ; LTD - Long Term Debt ; MOCD-multiple option convertible debenture ; MTD - Medium term Debenture ; MTN-medium term notes ; NCD ( SO ) - Non-Convertible Debenture - ( Structured Obligation ) ; NCD-Non-convertible Debentures ; NCRB-Non Convertible Redeemable Bonds ; NM-Not Meaningful ; OCD-optionally convertible debenture ; OD-Over Draft ; OFCD-Optionally Fully Convertible Debenture ; PCD-Partially Convertible Debenture ; PCN-partly convertible notes ; PCPS-Partly Convertible Preference Share ; POCD-partly optional ; PP-privately placed ; PSPC-Post Shipment &amp; Packing Credit ; PS-Preference Shares ; PTC-Pass Through Certificates ; RPS-Redeemable Preference Shares ; SCPN-secured convertible preference notes ; SDO-Structured Debt Obligation ; SLR-Statutory Liquidity Ratio ; SO-Structured Obligation ; SPCD - Secured Partly Convertible Debentures ; SPN-secured premium notes ; STB-Short Term Bond ; STD-Short Term Debentures ; ST-Short Term ; Sub . Bonds-Subordinate Bonds ; TB-Taxable Bond ; TFB-Tax Free Bond ; TL-Term Loan ; TOCD-triple option convertible debentures .	CRISIL ratings for Indian debt instruments-Dec 4
MINNEAPOLIS ( WCCO ) — A Minnesota survivor of a deadly bus crash won a huge prize during Saturday night ’s Big Ten Championship football game . Sawyer Stevens earned a $ 100,000 scholarship during halftime after winning the Dr. Pepper 30-second showdown . He beat out his opponent by throwing more footballs into a giant pop can . WCCO ’s Kate Raddatz shares how Sawyer plans to use the scholarship to help others nearly 10 years after a life-changing accident . Walking out onto the field at Lucas Oil Stadium Saturday night , Sawyer Stevens was ready to put his athletic ability to the test for a shot at $ 100,000 . “ The first half of the game was real stressful , not gon na lie . I thought I hid it pretty well but internally I was pretty stressed , ” Stevens said . It ’s a moment that would have seemed physically impossible nine years ago , when doctors were n’t sure if Sawyer would even walk again . He was severely injured in a tragic bus accident in southwestern Minnesota Four children , including Sawyer ’s older brother , Reed , died . “ Obviously when you lose a sibling that ’s something that stays with you , ” Stevens said . In his submission video for the Dr. Pepper Tuition Giveaway , Sawyer talked about the impact doctors had on recovery . He learned to walk again , went on to play football and graduated high school as valedictorian . “ I want to help others in the same way that doctors helped me in my time of need , ” Stevens said . The video and heartfelt message ultimately brought him here , throwing footballs into a giant pop can while the nation watched on TV . He sunk 15 footballs , scoring the scholarship . He plans to use the money to attend medical school after he graduates from college . Making his family , doctors and the people who ’ve supported him on his journey proud . In addition to going to school full-time , Sawyer is also a fitness trainer and training to become an EMT . He has finals coming up , and then he said he does plan to relax a little and celebrate the big win .	Fatal Bus Crash Survivor Wins $ 100K Scholarship At Big Ten Title Game
The Hurricanes wo n't return to the regions next year . Matches in places such as Mangatainoka , Eketahuna and Waverley have become a staple of the team 's preseason diet . But with the Hurricanes due to start their 2018 campaign in South Africa , the franchise have reluctantly decided not to stage a game in the provinces . Teams are obliged to attend the Brisbane Global Tens in Brisbane - on February 9 and 10 - leaving them just a week either side to practice their proper rugby . In recent seasons the Hurricanes have alternated home and away with the Crusaders and Blues , but that 's not the arrangement next year . Instead they 'll play the Crusaders in Greymouth , fulfil their 10 a-side commitments and then meet the Blues in Auckland before flying to Pretoria . READ MORE * Big names missing at awards * Why do n't the ABs smile more ? * Women 's 7s dashed in Dubai * Razor on dyslexia and success " That game 's been scheduled for a Thursday , so we can get ourselves into South Africa on the Saturday and give ourselves a whole week 's preparation to adjust , " Hurricanes head coach Chris Boyd said . The Hurricanes really struggled in the heat and high altitude of Johannesburg during August 's Super Rugby semifinal defeat to the Lions . Boyd said the temperature in Pretoria on February 25 would be much nearer 40 and the team needed to give themselves every opportunity to combat that . He would have " preferred " to play the Blues at a country location within the Hurricanes region . But that game would need to have been staged on a Saturday and the team could n't sacrifice those extra two days preparation . " It was too good to ignore . But , potentially , what it does mean is next year we 'll have two [ preseason ] games at home , " Boyd said . The Blues game , on February 15 , will also be the first outing for the squad 's All Blacks - Beauden Barrett , TJ Perenara , Ardie Savea , Vaea Fifita , Jeff To'omaga - Allen , Ngani Laumape and Asafo Aumua - who 'll all play about 40 minutes . From Pretoria , they 're all off to Buenos Aires to play the Jaguares , before hosting the champion Crusaders at Westpac Stadium on March 10 . It 's a rugged start and one Boyd 's eager to have " all our ammunition " for .	There will be no Hurricanes preseason games in the provinces in 2018
In my previous blog post Our Tryst with Y Combinator , I wrote about our failed attempt at getting into YC and why it left us more enthusiastic than ever . In this blog post , I am sharing the details on how our preparation to get into YC helped us gain clarity and direction and why I feel every serious entrepreneur should answer the YC questions regardless of wanting to get into the accelerator.To give an overview , YC calls for applications 2 times an year and you need to apply by answering a set of questions . If shortlisted , they fly the founders to California for a 10 minute in-person interview . We got the interview call on our third attempt.I will attempt to list down the questions first with my thoughts and notes about the interview.Part 2 : The QuestionsQ1 . Describe your company in 50 characters or lessAs simple as it may seem , this is the toughest question . It requires some serious effort to describe what you do in simple English without any marketing jargon . It should provide a sense of what you do to the readers and should leave them wondering ‘ How ?? ’ . Our answers to this question are quoted below : In our First &amp; Second attempts : Alumni Networks for Universities &amp; CorporatesThird attempt : Auto updating Alumni Databases for UniversitiesYou will notice that , in the first two attempts our focus was the solution we provided , in the third attempt the the focus was the pain point of a customer.Take away : Make something that people wantQ2 . What is your company going to make?Three things you need to focus on while answering this 1 . What is the pain point that you are solving , 2 . How do you solve it , 3 . Why you?Idea plays an important role in YC selection . They are like any other VC . They would want to fund a company that is attempting to solve a real and interesting pain point . The problem that you are solving needs to bea ) Real Problem : A pain point that is validated preferably by paying customers or substantial traction / user growth.b ) Interesting Enough : “ An Italian Restaurant ” is real business but not interesting for an Investor . Investors like entrepreneurs who love solving challenging problems that can create a multi fold impact . c ) Big Enough : The math on return just does not work out for a VC if the market size is not big enough.Having an updated database of Alumni is important for every university for recruitments , reputation building and fundraising , and we help solve that!With more than 120 + paying customers , we have doubled our revenues in last 6 months.Take away : Paying customers are the best way to validate if it is a real problemQ3 . Why did you pick this idea to work on ? Do you have domain expertise in this area ? How do you know people need what you ’re making?Q4 . What ’s new about what you ’re making ? What substitutes do people resort to because it does n’t exist yet ( or they do n’t know about it ) ? Q5 . Who are your competitors , and who might become competitors ? Who do you fear most?Q6 . How do or will you make money ? How much could you make?Q7 . How will you get users ? If your idea is the type that faces a chicken-and-egg problem in the sense that it wo n’t be attractive to users till it has a lot of users ( e.g. a marketplace , a dating site , an ad network ) , how will you overcome that?These are the questions you must have figured out by now if you have started the business , but if not , are the first you should answer.The Why : YC partners do look for ‘ Why ’ you are doing it . Building a company is hard and enduring and if you are not passionate enough about solving the problem , you are most likely to quit at the first few hurdles . They look for “ Can you work on this idea for a substantial part of your life ? ” . Q8 . What do you understand about your business that other companies in it just do n’t get?Every successful startup — be it AirBnB , Dropbox , Whatsapp or Stripe — changed only small but significant aspect of their industry . Online booking existed , Cloud storage was not new , messengers existed , Paypal was king of payments . Still each of these startups found something that incumbents did not.This is a killer question ! You will be able to answer this only if you have seriously worked on your startup . Sometimes called the “ secret sauce ” , the best way to find out is , as mentioned in Paul Graham ’s essay Do Things that Do n’t Scale is speak to your customers.For us , very early , we understood that Indian Market is very different from west . Institutions here require handholding and must be educated to succeed . Because we focussed on this early , 20 % of our customers are from referrals from existing customersTake away : Speak to your customersQ9 . How far along are you ? How many active users or customers do you have ? If you have some particularly valuable customers , who are they?Growth , not size , is the most important thing for a startup . A pre-requsite to know the growth is to “ Measure ” . Its the YC way — Measure , Analyze , Improve , Iterate!Remember , its not just growth rate , “ Rate of Increase in Growth Rate ” that is most important . Startups are meant to grow fast . Our growth was steady but the later is n’t , and that is the reason we did not get in YC . Here is the feedback from a YC Partner : Unfortunately , we decided not to fund Vaave this batch . “ We believe what you ’re building should exist and at scale , this could be a LinkedIn killer . In the end , we are worried about the pace of your growth . We ’d love to see you sell and onboard schools at a faster pace.Q10 . How long have the founders known one another and how did you meet ? Have any of the founders not met in person?This is a necessary but not sufficient condition , the chemistry between founders is very important for startups success . You will have many challenges to face and you do not want the “ Co-Founder ” to be another headache you would need to deal with.Ability to Hustle is another characteristic that YC looks . They ask in the founders profile : “ When have you most successfully hacked a non-computer system to your advantage ? ” You know what it was for us?We signed up our first customer without our product being ready , Their cheque helped us build the version one of the product!The GistAnswering these questions brings to you a lot of clarity of thought . It starts with why but more importantly , because you need to succinct , you need to know the why not for every answer.The what and how is simple — Measure , Analyze , Improve , Iterate!You should be able to answer everything in a succinct manner in a simple plain English , no marketing jargon ! Metrics are the best way to convey!I hope it helped , keep sending us all your love and do Clap if you liked it!Do visit us at www.vaave.comPart 1 of this blog post : Our Tryst with Y Combinator ,	10 Y Combinator questions every entrepreneur should answer
OAKLAND , Calif. — If Geno Smith needed a little extra motivation heading into his first start as a Giant , it was right there in his hotel room Sunday morning . There was Rex Ryan , on television , who earlier in the week had told a reporter that Smith replacing Eli Manning was a “ slap in the face ” echoing those comments on ESPN . Smith felt himself begin to burn with fury . Asked following the Giants ’ 24-17 loss to the Raiders if he ’d been aware of the hot seat that had been lit under Giants ’ coach Ben McAdoo , he ’d said : “ I love Coach Mac , I think we all do . I enjoy playing for him and I want to continue playing for him as long as I can . ” But that was the appetizer . Rex was the main course . “ I did see one of my ex-coaches say he did n’t want me to be his quarterback , and that really upset me , you know ? ” Smith said , stone-faced . “ A guy that we saved his job in 2013 , when we fought our ass for him both years . For him to go and say that shows how much of a coward he is . ” To make sure there was no confusion , he was asked which coach he was referring to . “ Rex Ryan , ” Smith said . Smith had a perfectly acceptable day , though he did fumble two balls away in the first half , the 18th and 19th of his 31-game career , something Jets fans grew weary of seeing during his time with them . He threw 34 passes Sunday and completed 21 of them for 212 yards and a touchdown , and added three runs for 13 yards . His coach was happy . “ I thought Geno competed at a high level , ” McAdoo said . And though he would n’t commit to starting him next week against the Cowboys , McAdoo did say , “ Geno did n’t do anything today that would have lost him the opportunity . ” Smith ’s new favorite receiver , Evan Engram ( eight targets , seven receptions , 99 yards and a TD ) was happy : “ He gave everything he had today , he made good decisions , made smart throws , extended some plays . ” When it came to his play , Smith was happy , too : “ We were able to put some drives together late , but we just ran out of time . ” But when it comes to Rex ? Not happy at all . “ It ’s like , wow , first of all , the guy drafted me , ” Smith said . “ Second of all , you started me . Third of all , I went out and gave you everything I had and then you go and say that . It ’s unfortunate . ” Someone asked if he ’d like to see Ryan again to give him a piece of his mind . “ No , ” he said . “ I do n’t care to speak to him again . ” For now , Smith will ruminate about this opportunity he was given . He ’ll hope for another and he ’ll lament the Giants fell a touchdown shy when he believed they had every reason to win . “ I just hate to lose , ” Smith said . “ I do n’t want to lose at all , at anything , so I was upset that we lost . I felt we had some opportunities and could have taken advantage of them , but you ca n’t cry over spilled milk , you just have to pick yourself up and get ready for next week . ”	Angry Geno Smith lashes out at ‘ coward ’ Rex Ryan
* ICBC , China Construction Bank say not involved with Adani ( NS : APSE ) * Adani looks to secure financing by March 2018 * Adani aims to start shipping coal by March 2020 ( Recasts with China Construction Bank ) SYDNEY , Dec 4 ( Reuters ) - China 's two biggest banks said they do not plan to finance a controversial Australian coal mine , in the latest blow to Indian conglomerate Adani Enterprises ' ADEL.NS long delayed project . Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ( ICBC ) 601398 . SS 1398 . HK and China Construction Bank 601939 . SS said in separate statements they were not working on the project , after media recently reported that Chinese banks may get involved . Adani is seeking A$ 2 billion ( $ 1.5 billion ) in financing by March 2018 for the A$ 4 billion first stage of its proposed Carmichael coal mine in the state of Queensland , a project that has been shrunk from a A$ 16.5 billion plan to make it more viable . declined to comment on its financing plans on Monday or the statements from the Chinese banks . Australian and overseas banks have balked at granting loans for the project , which environmentalists oppose due to climate change and the potential for damage to the Great Barrier Reef . " ICBC has not been , and does not intend to be , engaged in arranging financing for this project , " ICBC , China 's biggest listed lender by assets , said in a statement on its Australian website . " ICBC attaches great importance to its social responsibilities and keenly promotes ' green financing ' ... This statement is made without any view on or prejudice towards the Carmichael mine project . " The mine 's location 400 kms ( 250 miles ) from a Pacific Ocean shipping terminal means financing infrastructure costs has been at the forefront of debate over the project 's economic viability . " China Construction Bank is not involved with , nor considering involvement with , the Adani Carmichael Mine project , " an external spokesperson for China Construction Bank in Australia said in an emailed statement on Monday . CCB in China was not immediately available for comment . Reuters has previously reported that Adani was in talks with China Machinery Engineering Corp ( CMEC ) 1829 . HK for a loan , which could have involved China Construction Bank or China Export Import Bank . Export Import Bank was not immediately available for comment . Carmichael has been delayed by court challenges from environmentalists and indigenous groups concerned about climate change and the impact on native land and water supply , but those challenges have been rejected . Adani hopes to start shipping coal from Carmichael by March 2020 in the first stage of the project , which it bought amid a coal boom in 2010 . ( $ 1 = 1.3153 Australian dollars )	UPDATE 1-China 's top two banks wo n't lend to Adani 's Australian coal mine
The first compromise within our marriage , was deciding where to take our honeymoon . My wife , Lindsay , wanted to go somewhere hot . A place where she could lay on a beach and enjoy the sun . My idea was to go somewhere in which we could see as many sights as possible.Put both of those together and you get an Eastern Caribbean cruise . Of course , only if we signed up for two excursions per island , on every island we planned to visit . There were so many things to do and we had to pack them into such a small amount of time.The cruise was booked for a couple weeks after the wedding . For a short honeymoon after the ceremony , we spent the night in a local hotel , you know , to count all the money we made from the dollar dance.I was just so happy that Lindsay agreed to marry me after the incident . ( Read about it here ) We were so excited to go on this cruise together . It seemed like the perfect get-away for both of us . From Omaha , we flew to Florida and then on to Puerto Rico . It was there that we spent the first night . We toured the island and walked around Fort San Juan for most of the day.Later we went to a beach and walked around absorbing the environment . However , my bride was so beautiful , it was hard for me to notice the surroundings at all.Except the little person . For some reason , I was so intrigued by a little person swimming in the outdoor pool , that I kept zooming in on him with our video camera . So yes , he came home with us in the replay of our honeymoon video.Before we left for the cruise , we both did a little bit of tanning to get a good base before heading out to the intense heat of the Caribbean sun . Having somewhat of a vampiric complexion , a good base is somewhat of a vague concept . So , I made sure slather sunblock all over myself before exposing myself to the blistering sun.For some reason , I must not have thought it was important to put any on the recession area of my hairline . It only took about a half hour before that area was torched . It really added a nice touch to all of the pictures we had taken of us . Especially the ones that we got all dressed up for . The next day , Lindsay helped me cover my entire scalp with sunblock , just to be safe.The next morning , we headed to our Carnival Cruise ship , The Fascination . It was the biggest ship I ’d ever seen ! We boarded and headed to our cabin . Somehow , our travel agent was able to upgrade us to one with a window . Excited to see what the room looked like , we opened the door and stepped in . We immediately noticed a problem . Instead of one big bed , there were two twin beds.Did they not get the memo that we were on our honeymoon?How were we supposed to cuddle?Not wanting to lose a room with a window view , we decided to push the two beds together.Situation , under control.Later that evening , we sat at a table with other couples , none of which we knew . They kept trying to talk to us but I was unable to communicate.Everyone ’s words sounded like they were in a tunnel and my eyelids kept slamming shut . Each time I closed them , it was harder to get them back open . My head felt like it weighed a thousand pounds and it was nearly impossible to keep my neck from collapsing under the weight of it.As I watched my bride get up and dance the Macarena , my face inched closer and closer to my macaroni.On occasion , I have been know to have a little motion sickness . Before we left , someone recommended taking Dramamine . This was supposed to keep me from feeling the effects of the moving ship . Having no idea that these pills caused drowsiness to the point of narcolepsy , I took them for two days before figuring out that this was the reason I almost face-planted my entrée.My wife may or may not have dragged me back to the cabin.So much for cuddling … Stay tuned for the next part of the honeymoon : Scuba Diving DisasterDid you experience any hiccups on your Honeymoon ? Share your story in the comments.Our Honeymoon Is n’t Over ( Click to Tweet ) Thanks for reading ! If you enjoyed this article , be sure to click the clap icon 👏 so others will see it.If you want to read more Humorous Life Lessons click on the link below.Humorous Life LessonsDavid Mike is a Christ follower , husband , father , author and Cosmetology Instructor in Omaha , NE . David blogs to share humorous life events and also tell the story of the 3 years spent in the U.S. Army ’s Prison , Ft. Leavenworth , sharing the message that we do not have to be defined by our past and that God can use our kind of mess for good.Originally published at dilemmamike.com	Our Honeymoon Is n’t Over
Let ’s be clear : There was no easy answer that would ’ve made everyone happy . No obvious choice for the fourth and final spot in the College Football Playoff . The selection committee was put in a no-win situation , picking among undeserving teams with uneven qualifications for the final spot in the four-team playoff . They went with one-loss Alabama , despite the Crimson Tide ’s paper-thin résumé , despite Nick Saban ’s traditional powerhouse lacking one signature victory , and failing to reach its conference championship game . Criticism followed , because of course it did , and it should . The same would ’ve happened if two-loss Ohio State was picked despite Urban Meyer ’s team owning top-10 wins over Penn State and Wisconsin . Or USC , which lacked those big wins and had two losses , was chosen . Or anyone else , for that matter . But fourth-seeded Alabama , which will meet No . 1 Clemson in the semifinals on New Years Day in the Sugar Bowl while No . 2 Oklahoma takes on No . 3 Georgia in Los Angeles , was not the right choice of the underwhelming options presented to the committee . The Crimson Tide ’s best victory was over No . 17 LSU , a three-loss team . They did n’t pass the eye test either , certainly not over the last month at least . Alabama was out-gained by LSU , 306-299 , in a 24-10 win on Nov. 4 , and nearly fell to four-loss Mississippi State on Nov. 11 . Seventh-ranked Auburn manhandled the Tide in the Iron Bowl on Thanksgiving weekend . College Football Playoff committee chairman Kirby Hocutt said the 13-person panel believed Alabama was better than Ohio State , but that was based on what , exactly ? Certainly not performance over the last month , and the résumé definitely was n’t better . Clearly , the Alabama brand won out , with all those big early-season blowouts against weak teams that made everyone believe in the Crimson Tide ’s dominance but did n’t last once the schedule got tougher.I would ’ve gone with Ohio State for the simple fact the committee has talked up significant wins since the start of the playoff four years ago , because the Buckeyes challenged themselves in the non-conference by scheduling Oklahoma , and won their conference title game , edging previously Wisconsin on Saturday night . Through the committee ’s made-for-television rankings , teams with fewer losses were n’t rewarded over others with more impressive wins . It was why Wisconsin and Miami were behind one-loss teams all year , bringing into question why that suddenly changed on Sunday . How does Alabama , ranked fifth on Tuesday , move up without playing a game ? The message sent is poor . After punishing programs for weak non-conference schedules in previous years — hello Penn State a year ago — the committee rewarded Alabama . Basically , it moved the goal posts for Alabama . Yes , Saban did schedule Florida State , a playoff contender before the games began , but the Seminoles flopped after a season-ending injury to Deondre Francois . The Crimson Tide also played Mercer and Colorado State . How can you turn around next year , and punish a team for doing the same ? What incentive is there for powerhouse programs to challenge themselves in September , when if Ohio State finished 12-1 instead of 11-2 by avoiding Oklahoma , it may have been selected . Look , the Buckeyes clearly had major issues , with two losses in which they were severely outplayed . The 31-point road loss to Iowa was a mark they could n’t erase . In the committee ’s eyes , they were n’t impressive enough in knocking off the Badgers in Indianapolis . They ’ve received the benefit of the doubt before by the committee , especially last year , when they were selected despite failing to reach their conference title game , and were blown out by eventual national champion Clemson in the semifinals . The point , however , remains : Why play the conference championship games if teams can reach the playoff without qualifying for them ? I ’ve been a proponent of expanding the playoff to eight teams , and this season is a perfect example for doing so . If the Football Championship Subdivision can have a 24-team playoff , why ca n’t the sport ’s premier division do a third of that ? Central Florida went undefeated , and has no chance to play for a national title . USC won its last five games , won the Pac-12 crown , and will have to settle for the Cotton Bowl . Was the SEC really that much better than the Pac-12 and Big Ten to where it should have two teams in the playoff , and those conferences be left out completely ? If you expand to eight teams , the five power-conference champions get automatic bids . It leaves two spots for at-large berths , and the best of the smaller conferences gets an automatic invite . It gives the sport a potential true Cinderella story , much like college basketball has every March . Most of all it avoids a repeat of Sunday , when an undeserving team was selected . It ’s time to expand the playoff . Erase the problems that can be easily avoided . Heisman Watch QB Baker Mayfield , OklahomaMayfield dropped the mic on this race , capping a dominant season with four touchdown passes in a 41-17 pasting of TCU in the Big 12 Championship game . The senior threw at least two touchdown passes in each game this season , and finished the season with 37 TDs , five interceptions , and a through-the-roof .714 completion percentage . RB Bryce Love , StanfordThe junior will have to settle for an all-expenses-paid trip to New York City . Love , hobbled over the last month with a bad ankle yet shining despite it , ended the season with another productive performance , 125 yards on 22 carries and a touchdown in a 31-28 loss to USC in the Pac-12 title game . QB Lamar Jackson , LouisvilleHe amassed nine less touchdowns this year and 182 fewer total yards than his remarkable Heisman campaign , but Jackson ’s passing production actually improved . He threw just six interceptions after tossing nine a year ago , his completion percentage went up , and he carried a worse team to eight wins . RB Saquon Barkley , Penn StateHis season mirrored that of Penn State , a raging hot start , midseason struggles , and a quality finish . It was n’t nearly enough to win the Heisman , but the junior still enjoyed a memorable season , rushing for 1,134 yards and 16 touchdowns , catching 47 passes for 594 yards and three scores , returning two kickoffs to the house , and even throwing for a touchdown . RB Rashaad Penny , San Diego StateThe nation ’s leading rusher with 2,027 yards and 19 touchdowns , he does n’t face the same competition as the others on this list in the mid-major Mountain West , but he hammered Pac-12 foes Arizona State and Stanford for a combined 391 yards and two touchdowns , proving he belongs .	College Football Playoff should take cue from March Madness
© Reuters . Australia stocks lower at close of trade ; S&amp;P / ASX 200 down 0.07 % Investing.com – Australia stocks were lower after the close on Monday , as losses in the Consumer Discretionary , Financials and A-REITs sectors led shares lower . At the close in Sydney , the S&amp;P / ASX 200 lost 0.07 % . The best performers of the session on the S&amp;P / ASX 200 were Metcash Ltd ( AX : MTS ) , which rose 9.82 % or 0.270 points to trade at 3.020 at the close . Meanwhile , Syrah Resources Ltd ( AX : SYR ) added 7.58 % or 0.310 points to end at 4.400 and Speedcast International Ltd ( AX : SDA ) was up 3.07 % or 0.160 points to 5.380 in late trade . The worst performers of the session were G8 Education Ltd ( AX : GEM ) , which fell 23.08 % or 1.020 points to trade at 3.400 at the close . Mineral Resources Ltd ( AX : MIN ) declined 3.99 % or 0.780 points to end at 18.770 and Orocobre Ltd ( AX : ORE ) was down 2.98 % or 0.190 points to 6.180 . Falling stocks outnumbered advancing ones on the Sydney Stock Exchange by 672 to 587 and 349 ended unchanged.Shares in Metcash Ltd ( AX : MTS ) rose to 3-years highs ; gaining 9.82 % or 0.270 to 3.020 . Shares in Speedcast International Ltd ( AX : SDA ) rose to all time highs ; rising 3.07 % or 0.160 to 5.380 . The S&amp;P / ASX 200 VIX , which measures the implied volatility of S&amp;P / ASX 200 options , was up 0.67 % to 12.069 . Gold Futures for February delivery was down 0.41 % or 5.20 to $ 1277.10 a troy ounce . Elsewhere in commodities trading , Crude oil for delivery in January fell 0.70 % or 0.41 to hit $ 57.95 a barrel , while the February Brent oil contract fell 0.50 % or 0.32 to trade at $ 63.41 a barrel.AUD / USD was down 0.18 % to 0.7599 , while AUD/JPY rose 0.37 % to 85.73 . The US Dollar Index Futures was up 0.30 % at 93.09 .	Australia stocks lower at close of trade ; S&P / ASX 200 down 0.07 %
NASDAQ Inc. is charging into the chase to take bitcoin to a greater swath of investors , as the digital currency ’s value barrelled beyond $ 11,000 on 29th Nov 2017 . Next year , the New York-based exchange operator strategises to launch bitcoin futures . According to a person familiar with the subject , it is becoming the third major U.S. exchange to jump into the red-hot marketplace of crypto-currencies . Near the beginning of second quarter NASDAQ will launch the products and the contracts will trade on its NFX marketplace.The strategy is just an indication of a huge exchange operator compelling bitcoin further into the mainstream investing world . This proposal is going to pit NASDAQ against two stronger rivals , CME Group Inc. and Cboe Global Markets Inc. , each of them already announced plans to supply cryptocurrency derivatives . NASDAQ is a relatively small player in the futures market , which might make it harder to grow an image as a destination for crypto-currency derivatives trading.Rich Repetto , an analyst at Sandler O’Neill &amp; Partners LP explained : “ They are a small futures market , so they may observe the competence to enter a Product that might be much larger someday . ” Awake Against Bigger PlayersThe Strategy also suggests that New York Stock Exchange proprietor Intercontinental Exchange Inc. is the only one of the four leading U.S. exchange operators with no Public plans to supply bitcoin derivatives.One way NASDAQ attempts to distinguish itself seems to be in the amount of information it uses for pricing the digital currency contracts . A person stated that Recently Vaneck Associates Corp. withdrew his plans to get a bitcoin exchange-traded finance , will provide the data used to price the contracts , pulling figures from over 50 sources . That appears to go beyond CME ’s strategy to use four sources . NASDAQ contracts will soon be removed by Options Clearing Corp. , Handling Hard ForksThe NASDAQ contracts can also be designed to take care of bitcoin hard forks more elegantly , the person said . Hard fork occurs when miners agree to modify in the system that underpins the cryptocurrency , developing a new edition . NASDAQ products will reinvest profits from the spin-off straight into the former bitcoin in a way intended to make the process smoother for dealers.Bitcoin currently deals in virtually unregulated markets . NASDAQ , CME , and Cboe are heavily controlled , bringing a sense of authority which should assist professional traders to feel more comfortable engaging . In 2017 Bitcoin ’s value has increased in value by more than 11 times .	NASDAQ Enters The Race To Launch Bitcoin Futures In 2018 - Unkrypted
Dank Riff After Dank RiffAustin here ! This week on Aural Aesthetics I ’ll be talking a bit about the song “ Perfect Pillow ” by one of my favorite math rock groups : Chon . As a guitarist who was drawn to music by virtuoso players such as Steve Vai , Satriani , and Petrucci , etc . Chon was a group that caught my ear very quickly . Combine their flawless guitar skills with intelligently musical panning effects , well structured songs and catchy math rock riffs and I ’m sold . In Perfect Pillow , I ’ll be discussion less about harmonic movement and other details that I explored a little more rigorously in last weeks analysis of 15 Step and wax poetic about the parts of this song that I feel are consistent with Chon and make them so great!Right off the bat we get light and fast hi hats with a speedy , chugging guitar riff that plays on the G major 7 chord at 172 bpm in 4/4 and a heavy dose of syncopations on both 8th notes ( across measures 1 and 2 ) as well as 16th note off beat hits on measure 2 . The 4th measure of this 4 bar phrase shifts the texture of the guitar from chugging riffs to a harmonized lick consisting of 2 guitars panned left and right arppegiating a G major 7 add 9 chord . The following 4 bars repeat a very similar chug to harmonized lick pattern except the harmony is now Am9 in the first 2 bars then Dmaj7 , which is arppegiated twice as fast as the G major iteration from the 1st 4 measures and is left completely exposed without drums , signaling an end to the phrase and the repeat to follow . Moreover , it tells us that this “ A ” section is modal , more specifically in G Lydian . We know this from the presence of the C# via the appearance of the D major 7 chord , the lack of tonic dominant relationships in the harmonic progression , and the weight given to G major 7 ( its duration is twice that of the other harmonies ) . In the repeat of “ A , ” there exists a delicious tapped quintuple lick in the middle of measure 12 ( 0:15 ) that I absolutely love . These structural elements to the opening theme / ” A ” section of the song result in a bright , intense open sound typical of lydian that simultaneously pumps me up and relaxes me . With their complex rhythms and clear harmonic path to other small details such as the exposed snare hit and guitar slide at 0:05 ( the 4th beat of measure 4 ) , Chon makes the intro to Perfect Pillow one of my favorite openings in a math rock piece.The next section , we ’ll call it “ B , ” opens with both metric and modal shifts following a 2 bar drum fill which is meant to alienate the listeners sense of meter from the intro ( 0:21 – 0:24 ) . With a melodicized C minor chord in the right panned guitar , a latin triplet variant in the left panned guitar and heavier drums in 3/4 , Chon maintains a strict and compartmentalized song structure typical of math rock songs . The play between the 2 guitars continues for awhile as they perform this wonderful texture of 2 hocketing guitar lines , where eventually the RP guitar falls out briefly into a fluid solo . They return to a stricter more recognizable theme again before shifting to section “ C. ” Section “ C , ” which begins on 0:57 , is built on a homogenous texture between the 2 lead guitars in contrast to the hocketing lines from “ B. ” There is once again a shift in meter to 7/8 in addition to a change in tempo which is slowed by approximately a third . The guitars harmonize descending arpeggios and are accompanied by a heavier presence from the bass line which helps solidify the new odd meter and tonal center . I love this section because despite changing tempo , tonal center , meter and texture , this part of the song still flows and fits in with the rest and its contrasts comes at a timely point in the grand scheme of the song.Section “ D ” which begins at 1:45 , returns to 4/4 consists of syncopated , and maintains the homogenous texture of “ C ” except now through chugging in the middle register of the guitars with bell like harmonics interrupting the jaggedness of the riffs . 2:18 introduces a right panned guitar solo over the texture of section “ D ” and shows off the fluidity of his technique . At 2:34 the accompaniment thins out to reveal the left panned guitarist who has taken over with a theme that is roughly derived from recent material . The two guitarists eventually join back together as the bass and drums return to fill the sound as we crescendo towards the end of the song.Despite the seemingly random chain of independent sections that form the structure of this song , I feel that there is a cohesion to it that many bands who attempt to imitate Chon ’s style fall short of accomplishing . The structure is rigid yet lacks repetition and the constant flow of new themes and textures is and aspect of Chon ’s music that I love . Its like taking a small journey that never really strays too far from home but is still exciting and new every step of the way.Stay tuned for more releases every Friday by Albert and Sunday by me ! Hit me up on Twitter via @austinkool94 or DM my Instagram @austineamnarangkool if you wan na talk more about music , share thoughts/ideas for future reviews , correct me , blah blah blah .	Perfect Pillow by Chon
When people think body scanners , it ’s typically a cumbersome airport security measure , rather than a shopper ’s delight . With Dress Code A.I. , however , their scanner-based recommendation system was the main attraction . Now , they ’ve secured $ 400K to make automated shopping recommendations even easier ! After all , who could say no to just a couple selfies?As malls take a back seat to our own living rooms for shopping excursions , how can we avoid the disappointing process of browsing dozens of pages , or even ordering a cherished piece of apparel , only to find that it would need to be boxed up and returned to the store since it was one size too small.While existing recommendation systems employ algorithms using one shopper ’s choices to compare her to so-called similar shoppers , Dress Code A.I. knows that it ’s not that simple ; just as we learned as children , no two people are alike . Dress Code A.I. understood this and thus took a much deeper , extensive , psychological approach to recommendations.For instance , two people might appear similar to Amazon ’s recommendation engine , because they wore the same smart casual outfit to the office , but that only represents one sphere of their social lives . One shopper might want something sexy for a night out after work , and the other shopper might just want a warm sweater to watch Netflix with her husband at home . Marital status , hobbies , personality , and other particulars all play a part in composing a shopper profile . This is why , in addition to the two selfies , that Dress Code A.I. endeavors to learn more about a shopper ’s personality traits and behaviors — which are of much more importance than just one ’s purchase history.Behavioral micro-analysis and deep machine learning are Dress Code A.I. ’s secret sauce after all ; it allows people to find and buy something they want within minutes instead of scrolling through 150 pages as they do now . Such intelligent merchandising and in-depth knowledge of their customers will allow retailers to increase their conversion rates and have a better ROI on their marketing dollars.Customers , on the other hand , love it because the process feels extremely personalized , and thus more human . Dress Code A.I. offers something truly interactive that customers love to play and experiment with.To learn more about Dress Code A.I. , visit my.dresscode.ai and give it a try for yourself . Out of the aforementioned $ 400K in funding , $ 200K of that is toward its next funding round , with $ 300K remaining ; this means that if you ’d like to like to benefit from the next great shopping revolution , it ’s not yet too late!If you would still like to influence their product ’s direction but do n’t quite have an investor-sized checkbook , Dress Code A.I. has launched a consumer research group to improve its AI-based shopping assistant : https://goo.gl/Q8HPYZDress Code graduated from Batch # 3 at Starta Accelerator . The Starta Accelerator , a high-tech launchpad for Eastern European entrepreneurs , can be found at startaaccelerator.com . Their next batch is current open for applications .	Super-Personalized Clothing Assistant Secures $ 400K to Transform the Way We Shop
By now , few American elected leaders -- other than President Donald Trump , on occasion -- dispute that elements of the Russian state interfered in the 2016 U.S. presidential election . What remains unproven is whether anybody from Trump ’s winning campaign assisted in that interference . As Trump dismisses talk of collusion as " a total hoax , " a wide-ranging criminal investigation has produced indictments against former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort and his deputy ; a guilty plea by a junior foreign policy adviser that hinted at the Trump campaign playing ball with the Russians ; and a guilty plea by Michael Flynn , Trump ’s first national security adviser .1 . What exactly did Russia do?U.S . intelligence agencies concluded that Russian President Vladimir Putin personally ordered a campaign to undermine " public faith in the U.S. democratic process " and the candidacy of Trump ’s opponent , Hillary Clinton , and that along the way , Putin and his government " developed a clear preference " for Trump . Russia ’s efforts included hacking and leaking emails that undermined Clinton ’s campaign , and using phony accounts and advertising on Facebook and Twitter to sway American public opinion .2 . What ’s still not known?What if anything Trump or his team did to solicit , encourage or participate in Russia ’s effort . Did anybody from the campaign ’s digital team , for instance , help Russia target voters with fake news ? ( Absolutely not , says the director of that effort . ) The former Trump foreign-policy adviser , George Papadopoulos , who has pleaded guilty to lying to investigators , sought damaging information on Clinton from people connected to the Russian government . Then there ’s the 35-page “ dossier ” alleging Russia has been " cultivating , supporting and assisting ” Trump for at least five years and fed his campaign “ valuable intelligence ” on Clinton . Its major allegations -- compiled by a former British spy and paid for in part by the Clinton campaign -- remain unsubstantiated , and Trump has dismissed them as " a complete fraud . " 3 . Who is investigating ? Robert Mueller , a former FBI director , was called back into service as special counsel to oversee the probe . He was appointed on May 17 by Rod Rosenstein , the deputy attorney general , who cited the " unique circumstances " of the case . Eight days before the appointment , Trump had fired the head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation , James Comey , who ’d been a key player in the investigation . Appointing Mueller was Rosenstein ’s call because his boss , Attorney General Jeff Sessions , who was a top Trump adviser during the campaign , recused himself . 4 . How did this all begin?In April 2016 , Democratic Party leaders called in a cybersecurity firm to look at suspicious software on their computers . The firm said it found digital footprints of hackers tied to the Russian government . The Democratic National Committee went public with the news and the suspicion of Russian involvement in June , just after Clinton clinched the party ’s nomination for president , and just after WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange said his group had " upcoming leaks in relation to Hillary Clinton . " 5 . What were those leaks?WikiLeaks released almost 20,000 emails from inside the Democratic National Committee that showed , among other things , how DNC staffers had favored Clinton during her primary campaign against Bernie Sanders -- prompting Debbie Wasserman Schultz to resign as DNC head . Later in the campaign , WikiLeaks released tens of thousands of emails from the Gmail account of John Podesta , Clinton ’s campaign chairman . Clinton , looking back on her defeat , said the " WikiLeaks email dumps " had been " like Chinese water torture . " 6 . And WikiLeaks got those emails from Russia?That ’s the allegation . The report by U.S. intelligence agencies says Russia ’s General Staff Main Intelligence Directorate , or GRU , gave the material to WikiLeaks through an intermediary . ( Assange has said the source of the hacked emails " is not the Russian government and it is not a state party , " though that does n’t rule out the possibility that an intermediary was used . ) Some of the emails also were released through the " persona " of a purported Romanian hacker , Guccifer 2.0 , and a website , DCLeaks.com , both of which promoted the hacked information to certain journalists .7 . Which Trump aides are under scrutiny ? Potentially any who had contact with Russian representatives or intermediaries during the presidential campaign . That list includes : Flynn , Trump ’s national security adviser for just 24 days . In the words of former acting Attorney General Sally Yates , Flynn " compromised " himself -- made himself vulnerable to being blackmailed -- by lying about the contents of a December 2016 phone call with Russia ’s ambassador to the U.S. , Sergey Kislyak . Flynn pleaded guilty to lying about that call to federal agents and has agreed to cooperate with investigators . Manafort , Trump ’s onetime campaign chairman . He was charged on Oct. 27 with money laundering , conspiracy and tax charges in a 12-count indictment that says he used $ 18 million in laundered funds to support a “ lavish lifestyle . ” He received more than $ 17 million for his work with Ukraine ’s pro-Russian Party of Regions in 2012-2013 and , according to corporate records , took as much as $ 52.8 million in loans from companies controlled by Russian billionaire Oleg Deripaska . Trump ’s eldest son , Donald Jr. , who met in June 2016 with a Russian lawyer offering potentially damaging information on Clinton.Jared Kushner , Trump ’s son-in-law and top assistant , who also attended the June 2016 meeting ; confirmed four contacts with Russians during the campaign and White House transition ; and , after Trump ’s victory , discussed creating a secret line of communication between the Trump transition and the Russian government . ( He denies any " improper contacts . " ) Carter Page , a U.S. energy consultant once listed by Trump as a foreign policy adviser , whose July 2016 visit to Moscow drew the FBI ’s interest.Roger Stone , a longtime Republican operative , who dropped hints during the campaign that he had advance knowledge of the release of hacked campaign material .8 . Is Trump himself being investigated?He keeps saying no , though most indications point to yes . At the least , he opened himself up to allegations of obstruction of justice by firing Comey as FBI director and saying that , in doing so , he ’d considered " this Russia thing . " Months before being fired , Comey wrote a memo describing how Trump had personally asked him to shut down the investigation of Flynn . ( The White House called that " not a truthful or accurate portrayal of the conversation . " ) Plus , as the indictment of Manafort shows , Mueller is n’t limiting his investigation to the 2016 campaign . Bloomberg News reported on July 20 that the broad probe includes Russian purchases of apartments in Trump buildings , Trump ’s involvement in a controversial SoHo development in New York with Russian associates , the 2013 Miss Universe pageant in Moscow and Trump ’s sale of a Florida mansion to a Russian oligarch in 2008.9 . Why is Mueller allowed to look beyond the Russia question?The Justice Department ’s May 17 order appointing Mueller instructs him to investigate “ any links and/or coordination between the Russian government and individuals associated with the campaign , ” as well as -- and this is key -- “ any matters that arose or may arise directly from the investigation . " Trump and his lawyer , John Dowd , say that digging into matters beyond Russia and the 2016 election is out of bounds .10 . Does Trump acknowledge Russian meddling in the election?He ’s given mixed signals . He dismissed such reports during the campaign , theorizing that Democrats could just as easily have been hacked by " somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds . " Since then , he ’s called the concern about Russian involvement " fake news put out by the media , " a " ruse " and a " scam . " In November , he said he believed Putin was sincere in denying Russian meddling in the 2016 election . The next day , Trump said he stands with U.S. intelligence agencies on the matter.The Reference ShelfAfter Flynn , where does Mueller ’s probe go next?The prospect of Flynn cooperating with Mueller is dangerous for Trump.Charging Flynn might protect Mueller ’s job , Bloomberg View columnist Noah Feldman writes.What ’s in the indictment of Manafort and Gates.A deep dive into Manafort ’s lucrative Ukraine years.More on Manafort and that Russian oligarch.QuickTake Q&amp;A s on impeachment , obstruction of justice and the early murmurs about pardons.A QuickTake explainer on cybercrime and cybersecurity.Remembering when Putin came up in that Clinton-Trump debate.People , Politico and the BBC on the biggest revelations from hacked Clinton emails .	Your Guide to Understanding the Trump-Russia Saga
TV personality Billy Bush on Sunday said no one should doubt that President Trump in 2005 made lewd comments about grabbing women ’s genitalia . “ He said it , ” Bush wrote in an op-ed posted by The New York Times . Bush , along with Trump , was caught on a hot microphone joking about sexual assault during the taping of an Access Hollywood segment . A videotape of the remarks , released by The Washington Post a month before Election Day 2016 , prompted 16 women to come forward and accuse Trump of sexually inappropriate behavior and assault . The revelations threatened to derail Trump ’s presidential campaign . At the time , the candidate apologized for the remarks , calling them “ locker room talk . ” But since then he has privately suggested that the footage is not authentic , The Times reported last week . Shortly before Trump 's inauguration in January , it reported , Trump told a Republican senator that he wanted to investigate the tape , saying , “ We do n’t think that was my voice . ” More recently , he has repeated the claim . More : Billy Bush speaks on leaked Trump tape : ' I wish I had changed the topic ' More : Billy Bush , wife Sydney Davis separate after nearly 20 years of marriage In his op-ed , Bush , who lost his Today show job in the wake of the Access Hollywood revelations , said the remarks were authentic . He noted that “ seven other guys ” heard them and that “ every single one of us assumed we were listening to a crass standup act . He was performing . Surely , we thought , none of this was real . ” Trump ’s recent doubts about the recording ’s authenticity , Bush said , have “ hit a raw nerve in me . ” “ I can only imagine how it has reopened the wounds of the women who came forward with their stories about him , and did not receive enough attention , ” he wrote . “ This country is currently trying to reconcile itself to years of power abuse and sexual misconduct . Its leader is wantonly poking the bear . ” Follow Greg Toppo on Twitter : @gtoppo	Billy Bush : Trump &apos; Access Hollywood &apos; tape is real
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that the White House ’s “ group ” is following advancements in the cryptographic money circle . The announcement came because of an inquiry from a columnist who asked whether the president has any assessment on virtual monetary standards , especially on the topic of whether computerized resources , for example , bitcoin should confront government control . “ I know this is something that is being observed by our group here . Regarding particular briefings and declarations on it , I do n’t have anything that I can impart to you at this moment , yet we ’ll be glad to line go down with you , ” Sanders answered.At the point when a similar correspondent asked with regards to the idea of the observing , she stated : “ See , this is an issue , I know , that Tom Bossert , with the Homeland Security group , a counselor to the president , has brought this up in a meeting prior this week . I know it ’s something that he ’s watching out for . We ’ll update you as often as possible when we have anything further on it . ” While different bodies inside the US government have beforehand tended to or even took part in blockchain-related advancements , this gives off an impression of being the main open articulation on the subject to come straightforwardly from the White House , ambiguous as it may be.That same day , the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 was displayed to the president . It would require the Secretary of Defense and others to set up a provide details regarding “ potential hostile and protective digital utilizations of blockchain innovation and other disseminated database advances . ” In October , a US Treasury official distributed an article about blockchain innovation ’s guarantee in the fields of “ security , arrange flexibility , straightforwardness and mechanization , ” weeks after an office inside a similar organization declared a pilot venture investigating how disseminated record innovation may enhance resource following.September saw a declaration from the Department of Energy that it had granted assets to a venture in which open and private area associations would work together to “ create blockchain cybersecurity innovation to help secure dispersed vitality assets at the framework ’s edge . ” Federal Bureau of Investigation , had contracted administrations from the Bitcoin blockchain investigative firm Chainalysis.In July , the US Securities and Exchanges Commission reported it had established that specific advanced resources qualify as securities under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 .	WHITE HOUSE OBSERVE FLING IN WORLD OF CRYPTOCURRENCIES
Economists expect a tax overhaul to provide a modest boost to the U.S. economy but are increasingly worried that a rewrite of the North American Free Trade Agreement will take a toll on growth . The National Association of Business Economics survey found that forecasters expect tax law changes to add 0.2 percentage points of growth to the U.S. economy , down slightly from what they expected in the previous NABE survey in September . The survey was taken Nov. 6-15 , before the Senate passed a major tax overhaul early Saturday . Forty-six percent of 51 panelists believe the renegotiation of NAFTA will do at least some damage to the American economy , up from 27 percent in September . NAFTA has expanded trade between the United States , Mexico and Canada , but President Donald Trump calls it a job-killing disaster and is demanding a better deal . Talks to revamp NAFTA began in August but have bogged down over the United States ' demands , including its insistence a new deal bring down America 's trade deficits and guarantee that more auto production moves to America . The NABE economists expect the U.S. economy to expand 2.2 percent this year and 2.5 percent in 2018 . They expect unemployment to match October 's 4.1 percent throughout the first half of 2018 , and then slip to 4 percent in the second half . They also expect inflation to remain below the Federal Reserve 's 2 percent target next year . But they still expect the Fed , which has already raised interest rates twice this year , to raise rates again in December and to approve three more hikes in 2018 .	Economists Expect Modest Boost From Trump Tax Cuts
Did your doctor prescribe a Xarelto after a knee or hip replacement surgery ? Or maybe a doctor prescribed this drug because of the diagnosis of thrombophlebitis ? At the moment you are unsure of the effectiveness of this drug because of a small number of reviews on the Internet ? Or you are afraid to intake a relatively new drug ? In this article , we will talk about Xarelto side effects and lawsuits in detail.Main Xarelto Side EffectsThe most common side effect is heavy internal bleeding , which can lead even to death . Other health risks include contagion associated with hip or knee replacement operations , low hemoglobin level , hemorrhaging , hematomas , soaking of the lower limbs and hard breathing . Inside and outer bleeding might occur from the rectum , bowels , abdomen , or brain.Xarelto can cause health complications including strong bleeding or even demise . If patients are not monitored well enough , an internal hemorrhage might occur near a major organ like the abdomen , brain , and lungs.Blood pools can gather in the body and induce severe injury , which sometimes conducts to emergency hospitalizations or deaths . The only way to end the strong bleeding is flushing the mean out of the system . The intake of vitamin K is only a good variant for those taking the older blood diluent Coumadin , which might also result in strong bleeding.Recent Xarelto LawsuitsXarelto has the FDA ’s strongest caution for dangerous spinal bleedings , which are named epidural or spinal hematomas . The pools of blood gather outside of blood vessels and potentially can cause permanent palsy in the spine . The warning also cautions of any spinal manipulations in patients who intake Xarelto.In October 2012 , an act was filed in the federal courtyard system to consolidate all Xarelto bleed injury cases as a portion of the multidistrict lawsuit.In February 2013 , Victoria Stuntebeck was hospitalized with string gastrointestinal bleeding post taking Xarelto . She registered a lawsuit against Bayer in Philadelphia , claiming that Bayer and J&amp;J did not give sufficient warnings of the health complications . The lawsuit states that the firm was aware of these side effects and must not have sold Xarelto.In June 2014 , Nane Packard sued Janssen and Bayer in the name of her husband , William , who deceased after taking Xarelto for a few months . He needed the drug for atrial fibrillation but experienced bleeding in his brain . Doctors were not able to stop it . The Xarelto lawsuit claims that the drug firms failed to warn about of the absence of an antidote.In August 2014 , Ruth McGowan registered a lawsuit in the name of her father , Tom Dunkley . He died after Xarelto intake to reduce the hazard of stroke but had major brain bleeding after Xarelto intake for about 1 month . The lawsuit blames Janssen and Bayer of information concealment about the side results and not running sufficient tests.In January 2014 , Xarelto lawsuits were joint in MDL in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana . Judge Edvin Fallon was assumed to hear these cases in May 2017 . In January 2015 , a 90-count lawsuit registered an arrangement of $ 4.35 million for an invalid who had uncontrollable and abrupt bleeding after intake of Xarelto . The appeal alleged that the drug form used wrong information when advertising the drug as completely safe and tested . Referring to medical studies , the lawsuit records claim that Bayer was unsuccessful to warn the society about possible death .	Is Xarelto Dangerous ? Everything You Need To Know
Protesters upset about a waste by-product being stored throughout Southland sat outside a meeting on Monday , as officials gathered inside to decide what to do with thousands of tonnes of the hazardous substance . Building owners , councils and the liquidator dealing with the company Taha Asia Pacific had a meeting at the Invercargill City Council to discuss what to do with ouvea premix , an oxide residue that is a waste by-product of the aluminium making process at the Tiwai smelter . Taha Asia Pacific went into receivership in August 2016 . It had a contract with the smelter to process aluminium dross and turn part of it into a product called ouvea premix . The premix , which can produce the highly corrosive ammonia gas if it gets wet , remains sitting in sheds at Mataura , Invercargill and Awarua . Liquidator Rhys Cain , of EY , said the parties , which are understood to include the Gore District Council , Invercargill City Council , MP Liz Craig and Mataura paper mill building owner Greg Paterson , of Dunedin , had a " very positive meeting " but he declined to give full details . " We 've got the basis of a good solid solution and we 're working on it at the moment . " We 're hopeful of making a better announcement in a few days . " The parties would not be making any further comment until then , he said . There have been several public meetings about the premix in both Mataura and Invercargill since the Bahrain-based company went into liquidation , owing creditors more than $ 4 million after its contract with New Zealand Aluminium Smelters to process the ouvea premix expired and was not renewed . The liquidator has explored options to have the premix removed , and has worked with Environment Southland to ensure it is safely stored and monitored . In August , Cain told Stuff that there were issues around the cost of moving the premix . " The costs of getting it to Bluff , and then from Bluff to the end users overseas are enormous . You ca n't just chuck it on the back of a truck and drive it away . " The Gore District Council granted Taha Asia Pacific a retrospective resource consent to store the premix in the Mataura building subject to payment of a $ 2.3 million bond , which was not paid before the company went into liquidation . That resource consent expires in February 2018 . Protesters from earlier in the day attended a public meeting on Monday night , where they were joined by about 30 people at the Aged Concern building to discuss the substance . Bluff woman Cherie Chapman said since 1971 , dross had been dumped in places like Te Anau , Bluff , Greenhills and Invercargill . She was unaware of what the liquidator had discussed earlier in the day . She wants Rio Tinto-owned New Zealand Aluminium Smelters to claim ownership of the hazardous substance . However , Smelter boss Gretta Stephens , in November , said NZAS had entered into a contract with Taha Asia Pacific for it to build and operate a dross processing facility at NZAS . " The output of this dross processing by Taha was a product , ouvea premix , which is owned by , and is the legal responsibility of the liquidator of Taha [ Asia Pacific ] , " she said . Chapman acknowledged the good work the smelter did but said she wanted effective waste management and practical processes of managing paperwork . Bluff farmer and community board member Graham Laidlaw , spoke last night , and said a few years ago , Taha had approached him to spread the substance on a laneway as a trial on his property . He said he was told Environment Southland had approved it , but later found out they did n't know anything about it . In May , 2016 , heavy rain washed the substance into a waterway and after he had it tested , it had a reading higher than the normal amount of stock and human waste , he said . His farm has now been marked as a contaminated site and he has spent more than $ 120,000 fighting the case . Clutha-Southland MP Hamish Walker and Invercargill Labour member Liz Craig were also at the meeting .	Parties progress options to remove ouvea premix
One piece of technology that has essentially been phased out in our current society due to innovations in technology are disposable cameras . Once seen as one of the most useful and cost efctifeve ways to take a picture in the late 1980s and early 2000s has failed to remain relevant in 2017 . Even with film cameras starting to have a recent resurgence , disposable cameras are still a rarity to see in public . This post will take a bit about the history of the disposable camera and what created their downfall.The disposable camera was first created by Fujifilm to its Japanese market back in 1986 . This was a major breakthrough in technology as cameras had a much higher cost during these times . The cameras were designed to be “ within the understanding of any person of average ability . ” Cameras no longer became a large investment , and allowed from them to be more accessible to those around the world . Disaposbale cameras were quite cheap and as the name implies disposable , meaning that once the roles of film were used up , the camera would be returned to the store for the workers to develop your film will also getting rid of the camera.Disposable cameras were quite popular for many years . As they were a simple way for people around the world to take a picture . However , due to modern innovation , disposable cameras would soon become obsolete due to the creation of digital cameras . Digital cameras were able to take as many pictures and videos that your memory card would allow . They were able to provide better quality pictures and allowed you to see what your pictures looked like instead of waiting for them to be developped . To continue , prices for cameras became much cheaper than they were before , meaning that people were able to purchase a camera that would last them much longer than a disposable one . And finally , cellphone companies soon introduced cameras into their phones . With each cellphone model and their camera becoming more and more advanced each passing year . The disposable camera was an amazing piece of technology that allowed many people like myself capture memories that would last a lifetime . Unfortunately , due to these new innovations , the disposable camera fails to leave its mark in the modern day.Source : Walmart	Gone in a Flash
During an interview with the Des Moines Register on Nov. 29 , Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley tried to justify cutting the estate tax by suggesting that doing so rewards investing — and disincentives those who are " just spending every darn penny they have , whether it ’s on booze or women or movies . ” Grassley 's comments have certainly struck a nerve on social media , with many condemning the senator for seeming to suggest that middle and low income individuals who do not have " estates " are frivolously spending their money . The estate tax affects people who inherit large sums of money from a person who has died ( oftentimes a wealthy family member ) , and applies to estates worth over $ 5.49 million for individuals , and $ 10.98 million for married couples . According to CNN Money , only 0.2 % of all estates are subject to the tax and the money generated from it makes up less than one percent of federal revenue . But , cutting it completely would cost the federal government $ 269 billion over the next 10 years , according to the Joint Committee on Taxation , and that 's no small sum . So , as children of the rich — like Ivanka Trump and her siblings — gain massive payouts and are allowed to hold onto old money for generations , the government will lose billions . Still , Grassley , as well as many members of the GOP , have long condemned the estate tax for " doubly " taxing an individual — first through their income , then upon their death . Grassley offered his own further critique of the tax with his out-of-the-blue comments to the Register last week , saying ( in full ) that he believed repealing it was a good thing because , “ I think not having the estate tax recognizes the people that are investing — as opposed to those that are just spending every darn penny they have , whether it ’s on booze or women or movies . " Besides being offensive , there 's something factually incorrect about that remark : inheriting millions of dollars does n't equate to " investing . " For the everyday person who is trying to put away money , estate tax breaks will yield zero reward . Instead , those breaks will take away money that could be put towards other government programs . Joe Scarborough , host of the MSNBC show , Morning Joe , shared Grassley 's comments on Twitter on Sunday — and many people were infuriated by the senator 's remarks . Some were outraged that Grassley seemed to suggest that people who were not wealthy enough to have estates recklessly spent their money . Indeed , many Twitter users countered his remarks by noting that that they spend their income taking care of expenses — not on supposed frivolous luxuries — and that it was outrageous to suggest otherwise.One woman aptly captured this particular sentiment , saying , " Oh right because THATS why people ca n’t invest their money - it could n’t be because of rent / mortgages or childcare or tuition or food or healthcare ... Their disdain for the middle class is beyond obvious . " Other users echoed similar thoughts and condemned Grassley for being " disconnected from reality " and for unfairly characterizing those in lower and middle income brackets . As another user put it : people who are n't ultra-rich are decadent alcoholics . The fact is correct they may well spend every penny they have on housing , food , insurance , heat and still come up short . And your craven bill means maybe they ca n't afford essentials.Twitter also noted the supposed sexist nature of these remarks , with one user commenting , " So he lumps all women together as a vice on par with booze ? " and another replying , " Yes . apparently , we ’re all commodities . " Grassley has not publicly commented on Sunday 's criticism of his remarks . However , on Saturday morning , Grassley and his Republican colleagues in the Senate voted to pass a highly controversial tax bill that would , among other things , double the exemptions for the estate tax . This means that , if the Senate version of the bill becomes law , only individuals with estates worth over $ 10.98 million would be subject to the estate tax . The House version of the tax bill , which was passed in mid-November , actually goes even further and eliminates the estate tax completely . The bills will have to be reconciled before they can be sent to President Trump for his signature , so the its final implications for the estate tax remain unknown . It is clear , however , that Senator Grassley holds some hugely controversial views on how Americans supposedly spend their money . And his support for the recently-passed tax legislation only reflects that attitude towards the American middle class .	Senator Chuck Grassley ’s Estate Tax Break Justification Is Turning Twitter Into An Angry Mob
To ensure that you wind up with a standout for other cordless effect torques close by you have to comprehend different actualities about effect wrenches , for example , what is an effect torque ? How would they function ? Why utilize them ? These whole inquiries will be wholly replied in our guide . When you wrap up the guide you would be a specialist on affect torques.What is an Impact Wrench?As indicated by wikipedia “ An effect torque ( otherwise called an impactor , affect firearm , air torque , compressed air firearm . Shake weapon , torque weapon , blustery weapon ) is an attachment torque control device intended to convey high torque yield with negligible effort by the client , by putting away vitality in a turning mass , at that point conveying it all of a sudden to the yield shaft . ” An impact torque comprises of an engine which is driven by a power source , for example , packed air , power or battery . It creates a more noteworthy measure of torque which thus is utilized to pivot the attachment and fixes the free nut-screw or expel fasteners from a machine . The course of revolution can be turned around just with a flip of the switch to such an extent that it can work both ways . Likewise , these best torque wrenches can create much more torque which the human hands can deliver.How does an Impact Wrench Work?There are two particular states of effect torque those formed like a gun or those like a mammoth screwdriver . In any case , regardless of these totally extraordinary shapes both work the very same way . Inside the gadget , an engine causes pivot inside which applies the power onto an iron block toward the finish of the apparatus.These can be either air or electrically controlled . This makes torque and a bending movement that is generally connected in little blasts of power to turn whatever it ’s gone for . Inside the engine likewise has a little mallet that hits a blacksmith ’s iron associated with the drive.This power is then applied to the attachment to loosen up the jolt . By pushing the torque you ’re likewise applying weight which makes rubbing so the torque can better hold or contact the jolt . The most capable wrenches are air driven and considerably lighter . However , these are not cordless and must be utilized with a compressor.What Features should it have?The material science of all effect torques are genuinely comparative , however , you will see a distinction in highlights and particularly the power accessible . For all cordless effect torques , you will find that they ’re electrically controlled . This implies they are better for littler employments and will more often than not require the battery to be charged as the power created will drop as the battery channels.The two fundamental contrasts in torques are the gun and screwdriver holds , however , this involves inclination instead of something that influences execution . Wrenches , as a rule , accompany 5 diverse attachment sizes in light of the hold shape . A 1/4 " attachment can be found on either hold , 3/8 " - 1/2 " - 3/4 " attachments are typically just found on gun grasps , and 1 " attachments usually are just found on guns and t molded inline grasps . In case you ’re working with a jolt that is bigger than an inch you will require an all the more capable overwhelming obligation torque that wo n’t be cordless.The key component of any torque is the measure of torque it produces , most will disclose to you their greatest torque while others will have variable torque settings relying upon the capacity . Torque is the thing that you have to focus on as it can make jolts be over-fixed or excessively lose.Why utilize a cordless effect torque?There are countless to utilize affect torque I am will specify a couple of them which you ca n’t deny by any means.They expel the screw or latches rapidly that too without utilizing part of muscle power or causing weaknessThey are all the more amicable and simple to use in tight working space and keeps you in danger of busted knucklesThey give you a use numerous time which can be created by manual torque , along these lines productively evacuating a stuck screw or latchThese effect wrenches can be utilized to introduce or expel jolts from various places , for example , tires , outlines , motor head and significantly more . It has boundless application scope .	Cordless Impact Wrench Buying Guide
Gala Dinner with OneWorld Foundaytion ( 24/11/2017 ) : https://youtu.be/OwFkaqLhnpYBlue Diamond Mark and Miki from Japan ( 25/11/2017 ) : https://youtu.be/NwcIaN6poiMBlack diamond Dr Daud Parwiz from UK ( 25/11/2017 ) : https://youtu.be/fFl2XFgBizgCrown Diamond Lê Simon Quốc-Hưng from Vietnam ( 25/11/2017 ) : https://youtu.be/BcqcUFrfQIwBlue Diamond Mr Henrique Machado from Portugal ( 25/11/2017 ) : https://youtu.be/qRzy3j9nEh0Blue Diamond Mr Daniel Singh from Bangkok ( 25/11/2017 ) https://youtu.be/jyDBLc1GG40Black Diamond Michi Chua from Malaysia ( 25/11/2017 ) https://youtu.be/qtomU-zfISQBlue Diamond Leader from China ( 25/11/2017 ) https://youtu.be/b5LRKajLaGMMaster Distributor Sebastian Greenwood ( 25/11/2107 ) https://youtu.be/DpKR3uBO4gAMr . Chirs Principe , USA , owner of 02 specialized magazine FINFUTURE and FINANCIAL IT : https://youtu.be/HyMocnOiOb4Join Over 3.3 Million Members Globalhttp : / / bit.ly / onecoin4u #global #wealth #presenters #meetings #money #work #hard #build #teams #China #Europe #Asia #Africa #Egypt #Thailand #unlimited #income #weekly #Facebook #Twitter #Instagram #YouTube #mlm #networking #welcome #ThankYou	Gala Dinner with OneWorld Foundaytion ( 24/11/2017 ) :
Sanaa ( AFP ) - A wave of air raids rattled Yemen 's crisis-hit capital Monday , witnesses said , as clashes between rebels and supporters of ex-president Ali Abdullah Saleh also spread beyond Sanaa . The strikes appeared to hit targets near Sanaa International Airport and the interior ministry , both under the control of the Iran-backed Huthi rebels , according to residents and a source inside the airport . A military coalition led by Saudi Arabia , Iran 's regional arch-rival , is the only party in the Yemen war known to conduct air strikes on Sanaa . A spokesman for the coalition did not respond to requests for confirmation of the raids on Monday.Residents near the airport said multiple air raids had shaken their homes late Sunday night and in the early hours of Monday . An airport source said rebel bases near the location appeared to have been targeted but the airport itself had not been bombed . Residents also reported that the fighting , which erupted Wednesday night between armed Saleh supporters and Huthi fighters , had spread outside the capital . Tribal sources in Saleh 's hometown Sanhan , south of Sanaa , on Monday reported intense overnight fighting between the Huthis and Saleh loyalists.The clashes in the capital had killed some 60 people as of Sunday.There was no immediate information available on fresh casualties.Yemeni territory is split between the forces and government of Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi in the south , backed by Saudi Arabia and recognised by the international community , the northern Huthi rebels and forces loyal to strongman Saleh . Since 2014 , Sanaa has been ruled under an agreement between Saleh and the Huthis , who drove the Hadi government out of the capital , set up their own government and for two years together fought the Saudi-led coalition . Saleh on Saturday announced he was open to talks with Saudi Arabia and its allies on condition they ended their crippling blockade on Yemen 's ports and airports -- dealing a serious blow to his already fragile alliance with rebel chief Abdul Malik al-Huthi . The Saleh-Huthi split has sparked fears of a new front in the Yemen war , which has already claimed more than 8,750 lives since the Saudi-led coalition joined the war to support the Hadi government . The conflict has pushed Yemen to the brink of mass starvation and triggered what the United Nations has called the world 's worst humanitarian crisis.mou-jj-pho-ny / mm	Yemen rattled by air raids as clashes spread
When you need to have the healthy as well as delicious breakfast every morning , there is one of the best options for your need and it is called a sausage . It is a meat food that does not only have the delicious quality but it is also jam-packed with beneficial protein , iron , and vitamin B-12 . They are the good source of some essential nutrients which are needed for the good health . But this meal can only be enjoyed amazingly if it is cooked perfectly . Many people find it difficult to do broiling and barbecuing in the morning to serve sausage as breakfast . If they do pan-frying , the meal remains uncooked perfectly . But now , it will not be difficult anymore because there is an ideal solution available in the form of sausage pan for this problem.The sausage pans allow people to prepare the tasty meal in no time . Its ribbed design gives the proper heating to the sausage by holding them in place , and this design increases the surface area of the pan for an even cook on food every time . There is nothing better and excellent solution for fast and easy cooking of the sausages . You can make your family experience the amazing sense of savor anytime you want with these high-quality products.If you want to bring these quality products to your home , then you can Buy your sausages pans in USA from a leading online store that offers superior products stamped with FDA approved non-stick coating . In these pans , you can also cook hot dogs , brats and more along with sausages . They also have the breakfast pan which has smaller curves in one half and a flat surface on another half . With this item , you can prepare the eggs , bacon , and sausages together . Their 9.45 " square pan USA is a suitable choice for all sausage lovers . It is a square-shaped pan with the sleek design . Whether you need to buy them in single quantity , in a combo , or in bulk , the leading shop allows customers to make the purchase however they want.Their products have been used by many customers who have got the most satisfying results . If you also want to experience the same , then you can Purchase our pans USA through online facilities . To begin shopping at this store , you have to set up your account on this website by providing some essential details . It is a safe and secure facility for the customers . For your purchase , you can make the online payment with your debit or credit card . They accept Visa , MasterCard , Discover , American Express . So what are you waiting for , begin your shopping today!This section of the article belongs to a leading online store that offers a range of high-quality , functional , and durable sausages cooking pans to the customers .	Bring the best quality pans to your home and enjoy yummy sausages
It ’s been 11 years since I started my journey as a leader . Just like every business owner , I ’ve had my share of ups and downs during this period . I wo n’t say it was a bumpy ride , I ’d like to put it as an exciting one . Throughout the journey I ’ve learned quite a lot , and the learning is going even right now.This post is not about how I started my company ( ProofHub ) or any hardships that I had to face throughout the journey . It is about the lessons I ’ve learned as a person , as a leader and as a businessman . “ Simplify the way you manage your projects and teams . Switch to ProofHub . ” Though the list of lessons is countless , I ’m going to highlight 11 of the biggest lessons that have helped me shape up my career as an entrepreneur . Take a look , who knows you might be able to take a leaf or two out of my book .1 . Best people ? No , the right ones!Right people at the right job will make your business the best . Even if you are able to get the best resources in the market to work for you , but they are not able to fit within your business culture their prowess will be of no use.There have been more than a couple of times when I had spent more than what I intended to hiring a resource , but it did not work well because of the mismatch in thinking and working ideologies .2 . Show your trust themYou might say that you trust the team . But , when it comes to taking important decisions , do they have to completely rely on you ? Forget about important decisions , do they have to ask you for every small thing ? Well , that ’s not how great teams are built.Great teams are built on trust . And , this trust does not come by just saying . It comes by showing confidence in their abilities , letting them handle their line of work , and making sure that they are working independently .3 . You got to walk to the talkI have seen managers who expect employees to spend more than their allocated hours at work , whereas they are the last to come and first to leave for the day . However , this never really worked with teams because the managers could not really motivate the teams to achieve beyond ordinary . But , this is not how businesses grow.This is the reason that I decided , no matter what I wo n’t be such a leader . Whenever it comes to overtiming , setting an example or going beyond the usual at work , a leader should be the first person to do it .4 . There is no replacement for hard workSmart work has replaced hard work . People work smart these days and not hard . And , all these kind of sayings are quite prevalent in the market . But 11 years as a leader have taught me that there is no replacement for hard work . There never was , and there will be any replacement for the same as well.People who have worked hard for something know how to do it smartly . Someone who is always looking for the easy option to do things from the first step is never going to reach anywhere in life . Hard work , blended with a smart work approach is the way to go ! 5 . Always aim for the moonDreams and aspirations are the fuel for a leader . If you will not dream BIG , you will always remain small . When I started my company , not many people really believed in me . People thought I ’m just a new kid on the block , who will vanish in sometime.But thanks to some wonderful people I ’ve met during these years , who are part of ProofHub even now , and the constant hard work we all have put together , I ’ve managed to stay strong throughout these 11 years .6 . Do n’t be afraid to ask for helpWhen you are a leader everyone expects you to know everything . And , the load of these expectations sometimes get the better of you . You are simply put in a mental state where asking someone for help seems like climbing Mount Everest . “ What will the employees think if I went to ask for help from them ? ” This is one of the biggest fears for a leader . However , after all these years as a leader I ’ve come to realize one thing — your team is your family . And , you do n’t hesitate to ask for help from your family . If you will treat them likewise , you will garner great respect . If you wo n’t they will just come in the morning , spend their 8 hours at work , leave in the evening and wait for payday.Ask yourself , would you want to have team with such mentality ? 7 . Do n’t try to make the employees something they are not “ Why is he always sitting with the earphones on ? We need him to mix up with the team . Tell him to interact with everyone a bit more , and not to use earphones . ”“ She talks a bit too much . I think it is because of her the team is facing distractions . Let ’s change her seat and make her sit in a corner where she does not have anyone to talk to . Maybe that way we can get more out of her . ” Such scenarios are quite common in offices . But , what I believe as a leader is that each person has a personality type . And , it is the responsibility of a leader to nurture the environment in which that personality can flourish . By ordering them to change their behavioral aspects , you are in a way trying to tame a beast , it is not going to do down too well in the longer . You might get them to work for a certain while , but they will soon start to feel their job as a burden and would start looking for better options .8 . Thankfulness is a virtue that not many leaders possess “ It was his job to do this , why should I thank him . ” “ She ’d get what she deserves during performance review , there is no need to float an appreciation email . ” I ’m sure you can relate to these sentences . Many a time leaders feel by appreciation leads to complacency and self-centeredness . This is the reason they do n’t really believe in praising the employees no matter how hard they have worked.However what I ’ve learned being a leader is that thankfulness is a virtue that allows you make the other person realize that you value his or efforts . And , that the other person means something for your business .9 . No one else will solve your problems but youThere were good times , there were bad times . There were easy times , and there were tough times . Though I ’m a firm believer in taking everyone together in success , but what I came to realize that when troubles come you can not expect anyone else to take a stand for you unless you are proficient enough to take the first step.No matter how much faith you have in your team , you need to show the zeal that you can handle everything otherwise people will leave the boat as soon as they think it is sinking .10 . Do n’t give upThis might come for many as a cliche , but it is still a lesson that we all learn with experience . And , it ’s not just about the big things you believe in like starting your own business by quitting the job . It lies in small things as well . From believing in a piece of content which you think must work to writing a code that according to you is the best , you need to keep trying until you achieve it.By giving up at these small steps you are actually acclimatizing your mind to never be prepared for the bigger things . And , hence you will give up easily when a tough situation comes during those bigger decisions that you might have to make . Train your brain to never give up , and it wo n’t ! 11 . Do n’t be too seriousThe biggest of them all — you must never forget to have fun at work . In fact , at ProofHub our aim is to make sure that our daily work routine never gets boring . You can see people stealing each other ’s stuff for fun , playing pranks and a lot more . And , whenever the walls of office start to get a grimace on our face I ’m the first one to plan a small excursion over the weekend so that the team never misses out on having fun!This was the list of 11 lessons that I ’ve managed to learn over the course of past 11 years . I ’ve lived these years , I ’ve loved these years and I continue to enjoy every moment till now . I hope my few cents are going to help budding entrepreneurs and leaders in their early stage become better at their role.Here ’s wishing everyone of you all the best ! “ Want to become a leader who gets things done ? Start using ProofHub . ” **********	11 business lessons I ’ve learned by being a leader for 11 years
Xiaomi is preparing to announce the Redmi 5 and Redmi 5 Plus smartphones in China on Thursday , and director of product management Donovan Sung has just shown them off in a set of tweeted photos . There are n't any details on pricing or specs yet , but we can see that both phones have slim bezels and roughly 18:9 screens , in line with many high-end devices released this year . The difference is that you can expect the Redmi 5 phones to be pretty cheap . Though it is n't the company 's flagship line , the Redmi series is very important to Xiaomi , particularly in India . The Redmi 4 and Redmi Note 4 were the two most popular phones in the country , according to recent IDC figures , and have helped Xiaomi catch up with Samsung to claim the title of India 's number one smartphone brand . We do n't know how much the Redmi 5 will cost yet , but Redmi 4 pricing starts at 6,999 rupees in India , or about $ 108 . That gets you a phone with a metal build , a fingerprint sensor , a 5-inch 720p display , a Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 processor , a 13-megapixel camera , and a 4,100 mAh battery . Xiaomi recently launched an even cheaper phone , the Redmi 5A , which sells for 4,999 rupees ( $ 78 ) with a 3,000 mAh battery and Snapdragon 425 processor . If Xiaomi can keep its successful retail strategy up and its Redmi pricing down , these new phones could be a big hit . Stay tuned for coverage when they 're revealed in full on December 7th . If it does have a 5-inch screen , it will be the most ergonomic and pocketable of any device with these kinds of screens . However I ’m reading elsewhere that it ’s 5.7 inches . By escalinci on 12.04.17 4:09 am	Xiaomi shows off upcoming Redmi 5 and Redmi 5 Plus full-screen smartphones
Let me start this week ’s recap of the never ending bullcrap peddled by our duplicitous corporate media by highlighting the pernicious Republican tax plan . On a month that we celebrate the birth of Jesus , the same Republicans who swear they are “ Christian conservatives ” just did what Jesus would NEVER do . Instead of looking out for the huddled masses and the poor , Republicans passed a $ 1.5 trillion dollar tax cut that lavishes preferential treatment to the wealthiest among us . They did this by debt financing this most egregious bill , as in they saddled the rest of us and future generations with trillions more in debt in order to give the same people who made out like bandits under Obama ’s tenure.That last point is the reason I take this occasion to highlight the fraudulence of the endless stream of Democratic politicians and left-leaning pundits who are currently feigning outrage . If you get nothing else out of this article , just realize this one thing . Both Democrats , Republicans and the political/media class in DC , New York and Hollywood are in on this hoodwink and are equally complicit in this continued pillaging of our nation and the raping of our planet . They just take turns bashing us as Republicans cripple us with fiscal policies while Democrats drive us into dependency with their monetary policies – the left and right hand in DC take turn choking the life out the 99 % . What we are thus being treated to is a bamboozling by the corporate media as conservative outlets push this monstrosity that is the corporate rent-boy Trump ’s signature achievement as some type of boon for the middle class . It ’s all a con job ; this is nothing short of a wealth transfer from the vast majority of Americans into the trust funds of the moneyed gentry . There is no such thing as trickle down economy ; when the uber rich get more money , they hog it like the hoarders that they are . This is why the gap between the wealthiest 1 % and the rest of Americans continues to explode as America is slowly becoming Geneva for the aristocracy and a developing nation for the rest of us.A more proper term is strangle up economy as wealth keeps being squeezed up from the bottom 99 % in order to finance the opulence of plutocracy . It ’s bad enough to be the party of Pharisees on the month of Christmas as they enact laws that enriches themselves , they will soon enough pivot to become the party of Ebeneezer as they will use the excuse of debt to go after the social safety net of the poor , elderly and children . The same party that crammed through a 1.5 trillion dollar tax cut for the rich by adding on debt are set to be penny pinchers as they squeeze the least among us . In other words , they give pounds to the wealthy as they take flesh from the needy – there is nothing Christian about Republicans.Yet as pernicious as conservative media outlets are in pushing this preposterous notion that wealth given to the rich transfers to health for the rest of us , it ’s actually the liberal press that is more insidious with their lies . The same pundits you see on MSNBC , CNN , Washington Post , New York Times and the rest who are pretending to be shocked at the meanness of the Republicans are just a cohort of manipulative shysters . These are the same people who cheered on Obama as he shoveled tens of trillions of dollars to the crooks who bled our economy in 2008 . They are up in arms over a $ 1.5 trillion dollar tax giveaway to the rich yet they had nothing to say as Obama gave away fourteen times as much to the plutocrats who stole the life savings of tens of millions of Americans.In truth , our nation is not even a nation anymore . We are a corporation where we are ruled by CEOs , misled by politicians and fleeced by bureaucrats who use legislation and policies to funnel wealth from the masses to the few . There to distract us from this continued bilking of the public is a corporate media industry who collectively use a mix of sensationalism and outrage in order to keep us perpetually distracted.This is the poison that is corporate media ; they are not here to edify us , their sole existence is to maximize profits and to serve their corporate masters . It is time for us to start an #MSMExit and disconnect from this farce that is corporate news.Let me end this the way I always wrap up this segment . I award this week ’s “ Hackery Honors ” to Joy Reid who has become the Baghdad Bob of MSNBC . To say that Reid is a paid shill is a mildest of understatements . To watch her one hour show is to realize just how much of a joke corporate journalism is . A free press is supposed to speak truth to power and root out injustice , Reid has decided to speak to power and root on injustice . She spends an hour a day presenting propaganda as news and feeding into the left versus right divide in ways that makes Fox News hacks look like Walter Cronkite by comparison . The same Joy Reid who wrote a book fawning over the speeches of the First Bank President BarackObama had the audacity to spend the whole day today ranting about Trump ’s mendacity . Congratulations Joy , you are making fortunes passing on the talking points of the Democratic National Committee as you annihilate the principles of journalism.Tune in next week as I delve into the garbage that is the corporate media and present yet another bullcrap narrative that mainstream media toadies keep peddling . If you want me to focus on a particular narrative that is being spun by either the “ conservative ” or “ liberal ” corporate media and/or if you have a nominee for next week ’s “ Hackery Honors ” , email us your feedback at info@ghionjournal.com . Until then , keep fighting ignorance with knowledge . “ Lying can never save us from another lie . ” ~ Vaclav HavelRead this and other articles instantly as they are published at www.ghionjournal.com	This Week ’s Recap of Corporate Media Bullcrap
Blake Lively is rocking a totally new look for her new action thriller " The Rhythm Section " . On Sunday , December 4 , the former " Gossip Girl " star was pictured sporting a dramatically different hair color when filming scenes on the Dublin set of the upcoming film with her co-star , Jude Law . In some photos , Blake could be seen looking so different as she ditched her blonde hair in favor of a dark pixie cut . The actress , who plays a character named Stephanie Patrick in the upcoming thriller , warmly dressed in a dark blue unbuttoned coat over a pair of dark pants and a dark shirt , which matched her dark pixie cut . Joining the actress on the movie set , Jude Law , whose character is not revealed just yet , could be seen dressing warmly as well . The 44-year-old English actor opted for a dark green army-style jacket which he teamed with a black sweater , black pants and heavy boots . The pair were seen mingling and chatting together even though they did n't appear to be filming scenes together . Also spotted on the set was actress Amira Ghazalla , who plays Alia Kaif in the movie . " The Rhythm Section " is based on the first of British author Mark Burnell 's four books which finds Blake 's character Stephanie Patrick as a master of disguise . It explains why " The Shallows " star was dressed liked a blonde , disheveled drug addict living rough in Dublin when spotted filming scenes in early November . In the film , Blake 's character " is on a path of self-destruction after the death of her family in an airplane crash , a flight that she was meant to be on . After discovering that the crash was not an accident , her anger awakens a new sense of purpose and she rises to uncover the truth by adopting the identity of an assassin to track down those responsible . The new , and lethal , Stephanie Patrick is on a mission to fill the void between what she knows and what she is told . " Directed by Reed Morano , the film is set for a February 22 , 2019 release in U.S. theaters .	Blake Lively , Is That You ? Actress Looks Like Different Person With Pixie Cut on Set of New Movie
In On Points , Brian Kelly , founder of The Points Guy , shares his strategies for getting the most out of your points and miles . Thought you were elite ? Think again . Many of us toil to achieve gold , platinum , or super-uber-titanium-plus elite status with an airline . But we ’re still not the crème-de-la-crème of flyers — the airlines secretly invite a select group of travelers into elite programs that impart benefits the flying public can only dream about . These VIPs get access to the fanciest lounges even if they ’re flying in coach , personal escorts to help them make tight connections , and special gifts like Tiffany Champagne flutes . If their flight gets canceled , they do n’t have to wait in line to be put on the standby list — they ’re automatically given that one coveted empty seat on the next flight , with priority over the normal top-tier frequent flyers . Why do airlines even have these secret elite programs ? It ’s all about the money : they reward the most profitable customers , not just the ones that fly the most . While the invitation criteria for these programs is n’t made public , based on interviews with a number of members and information available online , I ’ve deduced that you generally need to be in the top 1 to 5 % of spenders on the airline in order to even be considered for an invitation . That means you ’re spending upwards of $ 35,000 a year — even better if it ’s on business and first-class fares . ( Some airlines may make exceptions for celebrities or CEOs , too . ) Why not publish the criteria to join these programs ? The extra layer of exclusivity only makes these programs more desirable - just like it does in the credit card world for the American Express Centurion Card . When you ’re invited , it feels much more special , which is the entire point of these programs . The three major U.S. legacy carriers each have these secret programs . United ’s is called Global Services , American Airlines has Concierge Key , and the newest program is Delta 360 . Here ’s how they break down . United Global Services offers the most tangible , valuable benefits . Global Services members automatically get top-tier 1K elite status , which comes with complimentary domestic upgrades and six global upgrade certificates , which can be used to upgrade one class of service for free . They also get increased award availability if there is T or R fare class availability ( which are normally paid fare classes ) . Global Services members have better upgrade odds as well since they have their own fare bucket ( PN class ) which offers much more availability than to other elites and those trying to upgrade with miles . United lets Global Services passengers board the plane first , regardless of the class they are flying . When traveling on an international business class ticket , they can use the Global First lounge , normally reserved for first class passengers . Additionally , customer service agents may assist members in making tight connections , even offering Mercedes-Benz tarmac transfers in airports like Houston and Los Angeles . American Airlines Concierge Key comes in second when it comes to perks . The biggest benefit to Concierge Key is automatic Executive Platinum status , which means there is no fee for using miles to upgrade international tickets . Each year , Key members also get an additional two valuable system-wide upgrade certificates , which can be used on almost any paid fare to move up to the next class of service , and full Admirals Club access use the lounge . They get called personally to board the aircraft first , and and agents will escort them when needed — especially when making tight connections . ( P.S. : While you ca n’t buy Concierge Key membership outright , American does sell Five Star Service , which gives you many of the same perks , for $ 250 per person per trip . ) Delta 360 is only three years old and the perks are less defined , but can still be valuable . While the airline is mum on membership requirements , Delta generally invites Diamond Medallion high-spenders , with a focus on those living outside key hubs like Atlanta . The thinking is that flyers who do n’t live near Delta hubs have more options when selecting an airline , and do n’t have to connect as often . If Delta can make it seamless to connect through their hubs with Porsche tarmac transfers and better upgrades , they can win those high-value customers . Delta 360 does n’t provide lounge access , since Diamond Medallions already get SkyClub access , but they do give enhanced customer service and occasional gifts . Several Delta 360 members I ’ve spoken with have received Tiffany Champagne flutes this year — plus a bottle of fine bubbly to fill them with . But these programs are n’t really about presents — what ’s most valuable is the improved flying experience , which can save you time and get you home quicker . That ’s priceless . And it would be nice if airlines tried to do the same for the other 97 % of flyers .	What It 's Like Inside Airlines ’ Secret Frequent Flier Clubs
GLENDALE , Ariz. ( AP ) — Much has been made of the offensive eruption of second-year quarterback Jared Goff and the Los Angeles Rams under first-year coach Sean McVay.And people already knew the Rams ' defense was good.Add special teams to Los Angeles ' strengths , as evidenced by that unit 's performance in Sunday 's 32-16 victory over the Arizona Cardinals.Michael Brockers blocked Phil Dawson 's try for a 45-yard field goal that would have cut the Los Angeles lead to seven points early in the fourth quarter . Earlier , the Rams blocked an extra point.In the third quarter , there was a 70-yard punt by Johnny Hekker from the Rams 9 followed shortly by Pharoh Cooper 's 30-yard punt return to set up a touchdown . " We 're trying to make a play every time , " Cooper said of the special teams units . " That 's the mentality . We 're not just trying to hold up and expect a fair catch . If I have a chance to go , we 're going , and that 's how we feel about it . " Greg Zuerlein kicked four field goals , including one from 56 yards . " There 's a lot of pride from everybody , not just one guy , " Zuerlein said of the special teams . " Everyone from the top down . " The Rams ' sixth win in seven games clinched their first winning season since 2003 , when they were in St. Louis and went 12-4 , and they remain alone in first in the NFC West.Next up is a big home game against NFC East leader Philadelphia on Sunday . " It feels good , " linebacker Alex Ogletree said . " 9-3 is better than 8-3 , and 10-3 would be even better . " The Cardinals ( 5-7 ) have to win out in order to avoid a second straight non-winning season , beginning with a home game against Tennessee next Sunday.Here are some things to consider from the Rams ' win over Arizona.GABBERT STARTSBlaine Gabbert will remain the starting quarterback for the Cardinals , despite two early interceptions that helped Los Angeles build an early 16-0 lead . " He 's been improving each week , " Arizona coach Bruce Arians said . " We 'll see what he 's got . " Gabbert 's first pass of the game was deep and was intercepted by Lamarcus Joyner , who returned it 46 yards to set up the Rams ' first touchdown . Later , Ogletree picked off Gabbert 's pass and returned it for a score . " That was a great play by him , " Gabbert said.OGLETREE 'S FLIPOgletree did a head-first flip into the end zone at the end of his 41-yard interception return for a first-quarter touchdown . " I kind of overthought it , " he said . " At the last second , I tried to do a flip . It was good though . " A short time later , he left the game for good with an elbow injury.But he said he was n't hurt on the flip . " It was friendly fire . It 's hyperextended , " Ogletree said . " But I 'm feeling all right . I got hit on it . I tried to go back out there and keep playing , but I was n't able to use it . " TOUGH KERWYNN : With Adrian Peterson out with a neck injury , Kerwynn Williams played most of the game as Arizona 's running back , even though he has cracked ribs.Williams wound up with 97 yards , three shy of his career best , on 16 carries . " I think you just have to go , " he said of playing hurt . " Honestly , if you think about it too much , it will slow you down . " VERSATILE GURLEYTodd Gurley carried 19 times for 74 yards for the Rams but he was even more effective as a pass receiver , catching six for 84 yards . That gave him 158 yards from scrimmage . " Todd 's a special player , " McVay said . " As many ways as we can get the ball in his hands , good things have happened . " FITZ MILESTONESIt was another day of milestones for Arizona 's Larry Fitzgerald , who caught 10 passes ( on 10 targets ) for 98 yards and a touchdown.In the process , Fitzgerald moved ahead of Isaac Bruce for fourth in NFL career yards receiving with 15,267 . He needs 26 yards to pass Randy Moss into third . Fitzgerald is third in career receptions ( 1,207 ) . He joined Jerry Rice and Tony Gonzalez as the only players to top 1,200 career receptions.All of which , he said , meant little because it was a loss . " The season has n't gone the way we hoped . It 's hard to take any joy in losing , " Fitzgerald said . " When I 'm done and retired , when I see you over at Starbucks one day , we can reminisce about it , but I do n't feel good about it now . "	Rams special teams shine in win over Cardinals
“ Everything can be taken from a man but one thing : the last of the human freedoms — to choose one ’s attitude in any given set of circumstances , to choose one ’s own way . ” - Viktor FranklYou step outside to head to work on Monday morning . It ’s raining . For many of us , the natural response is , “ damn , it ’s raining . ” Further , that natural reaction often influences the way we think , feel , and act . You might think the weather gods are against you and arrive at work feeling a bit irritated . This feeling might flow into how you interact with colleagues and how productive you are . In short , a circumstance outside of your control ( the rain ) has negatively influenced your emotions and ability to operate effectively in the world.Fortunately , as humans , we have the unique capacity to choose our response to any set of circumstances . In other words , we are not a function of our external stimuli . If it ’s raining outside , you can choose to set aside your natural response and instead think , “ I have an umbrella , and this rain is going to do wonderful things for my garden . I ’m going to grab my umbrella and have a productive day at work . ” Simple , right?As simple as this principle is , many of us still frequently allow our external circumstances to govern our thoughts , emotions , and actions . This occurs for circumstances as benign as a light morning drizzle to more serious realities like the death of a loved one.The problem is that when you do not actively choose your responses , you live in a reactive state and are at the whim of the unpredictable , external realities of life . And in this reactive state , where your happiness and effectiveness are a function of circumstances that are outside of your control , your world looks a bit like this : When it ’s raining , you stay in bed . If you discover you have Chlamydia , you resent your ex . If someone important passes , you see the world as an unfair place . It ’s perfectly normal to have these natural responses to any situation.However , in between stimulus and response is choice . And when it comes to maximizing your happiness and effectiveness , actively choosing how you respond to any set of circumstances , rather than accepting your default response , is paramount.When you begin to harness your unique human capacity to choose your response , you start to have a greater sense of control over your daily thoughts , emotions , and actions . Your world starts to look like this : The rain no longer stops you from going to the gym . Leaving your phone in a cab no longer means you wo n’t enjoy the date you ’re on . Losing a loved one , while still incredibly painful , now offers an opportunity to reflect on the time you had with them and to carry their legacy forward . As your start to choose your responses to every circumstance , rather than simply react , your world becomes a happier , more productive place.Putting this principle into practice takes time and concerted effort . The first step is accepting responsibility for every circumstance you face . If your boss yells at you for a mistake a colleague made , it may not be your fault , but it is your responsibility to accept the reality of the situation and choose how to respond . In a reactive world , you might shut down , resent your colleague , and think your boss is a jerk . But where does that get you?Instead , you might take a few minutes to reflect and collect your thoughts . Was this a simple misunderstanding or is your boss really a jerk ? If the former , pull your boss aside later in the afternoon and calmly explain the situation . If the latter , you might decide it ’s time for you to move on . In either case , taking responsibility for the situation and your response enables you to move beyond your initial reaction , consider potential paths forward , and end up with a solution that you chose.As you continue to actively practice this principle by taking responsibility for every circumstance you face , focusing on what you can control , and choosing your response , you will begin to naturally think , feel , and act in a more solution-oriented , proactive manner . As a result , you ’ll be able to effectively process and respond to nearly every situation you face . Whether it ’s a snide comment from a colleague or contracting Malaria on a recent trip to Central America , you ’ll be in control.And once you ’re in control , what you can achieve is only limited to your imagination.Call To ActionIf you want to live with more joy , less pain , and success as you define it , check out my work here .	You Have a Choice
If you would like to travel the globe , you will have numerous places to go to . during this article , we tend to area unit progressing to discuss nine most lovely places that you just might want to Most Amazing New Wonders of once in your life . scan on to understand a lot of.If you like white sands , Whitehaven Beach is that the place you ought to visit . will | you ’ll | you ’ll be able to } visit this island on a ship that you just can get from the ports of Hamilton Island , author Harbor , and Airlie Beach . CNN known as this beach Eco Friendly Beach . On this beach , cigaret smoking and dogs do n’t seem to be allowed . So , you had higher not take your pets with you on the beach.This resort includes a nice lobby with pools and waterfalls . aside from this , you ’ll be able to see a spa , a pool and plenty of alternative nice attractions . each of the places area unit set close to on the Ka’anapali Beach.If you ’re progressing to leave for the island of Skye , we propose that you just make preparations to visualize the Fairy Pools , that is found in island of Skye , Scotland . The place may be a series of waterfalls and cold poolsThis natural surprise will be placed on the list of most lovely network of caves within the world . This network walls shows the magnificence of our planet ’s geographics . this is often a requirement place to go to whenever you propose a tour of Chile.Built in seventeenth century , this bridge connects the cities set on high of mountains in Asian nation . As a matter of reality , Shahara Bridge was made for fighting Turkish invaders . This bridge is one in every of the simplest tourer attractions within the world.If you would like to visualize the paradise on Earth , go and visit Havasu Falls . This body of water is found in Arizona . Actually , the fascinating waterfalls attract plenty of guests from round the world every year . This blue-green water is a vital attraction of the Havasupai.Fjaorarglijufur ravine is found within the southeast Iceland . per specialists , it ’s around one hundred meters deep and around 2 km long . The Fjaora watercourse flows through it and is found near the route , that is additionally near the Kirkjubajarklaustur village.Arang Kel , Neelum vale ( Pakistan.This is an exquisite village in Neelum vale , Kashmir . This village is teaming with fascinatin	Most Beautiful Places To Visit
( Bloomberg ) -- Emerging-market assets came under pressure as investors adjusted positions following rallies earlier in November as the end of the year approaches . Equities had their worst week in a year as technology stocks got hammered , while currencies were steady.Highlights for the week ended Dec. 1 : The Bank of Korea raised its policy rate for the first time since 2011 , while the central bank said it would maintain its accommodative stance as demand-driven inflationary pressures wo n’t be strong for some timeNorth Korea “ successfully ” launched a new type of intercontinental ballistic missile with technology that can deliver a nuclear warhead anywhere in the U.S. , state-run Korean Central News Agency said Argentina ’s credit rating was raised one level by Moody ’s Investors Service as President Mauricio Macri ’s macroeconomic reforms began to take hold ; Moody ’s raised the rating to B2 from B3 with a stable outlookTurkish businessman Reza Zarrab , who laundered billions of dollars on behalf of Iran , told a New York jury Thursday that a senior Turkish official said to him that Recep Tayyip Erdogan , who was prime minister at the time and is now president , personally signed off on a plan to involve two Turkish banks in the schemeEgypt ’s main stock benchmark , the EGX 30 , jumped to a record high amid optimism surrounding the country ’s economic reformsAsia : South Korea ’s won retreated from a May 2015 high reached a day before the Bank of Korea lifted its policy rate to 1.5 percent from 1.25 percent on ThursdayU.S . President Donald Trump discussed “ next steps ” on North Korea with South Korean President Moon Jae-in ; Trump said after a phone call with Chinese President Xi Jinping that major new sanctions will be imposedThe U.S. demanded that China cut off all oil exports to North Korea after the country ’s latest intercontinental ballistic missile test , warning that Washington will force action if Beijing fails to do so China ’s official factory gauge unexpectedly increased as foreign and domestic demand helped cushion the effects of a pollution cleanup ; the November manufacturing PMI came in at 51.8 vs est . 51.4 India ’s rupee rose during the week as data showed economic growth bounced back from a three-year low , giving the central bank scope to hold its policy rate on Dec. 6 amid an uptick in inflationary pressures ; gross domestic product expanded 6.3 percent year-on-year in the third quarter , slower than the 6.4 percent median estimate in a Bloomberg survey but faster than 5.7 percent in the previous three monthsEMEA : Turkey ’s lira had its biggest weekly gain since August ; the central bank could raise its late-liquidity window without a monetary policy committee meeting “ if inflation expectations worsen , ” a senior adviser to President Erdogan said ; Erdogan said 2017 GDP growth may be around 7 % Turkey is on course to dodge a potential inclusion in the European Union ’s list of tax havens , after offering additional clarificationsSouth Africa ’s rand led gains in emerging markets after Moody ’s refrained from joining S&amp;P Global Ratings in cutting the nation ’s local-currency debt rating to junk ; Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma ’s bid to lead South Africa ’s ruling African National Congress after her ex-husband , President Jacob Zuma , steps down as party leader in December received a boost when a majority of branches from one of the nation ’s nine provinces endorsed herRussian officials said they ’re not worried about possible new U.S. sanctions on the country ’s sovereign debt , although economists are n’t convincedAt the same time , Russia ’s Finance Ministry has hired banks to organize its first-ever sale of yuan bonds as the government prepares for possible penaltiesLiberal opponents of President Vladimir Putin have filled local councils in the Russian capital ’s historic and commercial core , as well as a few upmarket residential areas , attaining majorities in 17 of the city ’s 125 municipal districtsKenya ’s government is seeking proposals from banks about a possible $ 2 billion Eurobond offering in the first quarter of 2018 , according to two people familiar with the matterSaudi Arabia raised 6.68 billion riyals ( $ 1.8 billion ) from the sale of Islamic debt to local institutionsLatin America : Mexican Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade resigned on Monday to formally seek the presidential nomination of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary PartyPresident ’s office sends statement naming Alejandro Diaz de Leon to replace Agustin Carstens as head of BanxicoBrazilian government is said to allow pension vote only in 2018 , O Globo reported ; the government has cut its pension reform proposal “ to the bone ” and ca n’t grant other concessions , Cabinet Chief Eliseu Padilha said The Chilean peso dropped by the most among developing currencies as copper prices fell ; the Colombian peso also declined as a Nov. 24 rate cut weighed on the currency due to less attractive carryColombian interest rates should fall “ with caution , ” central bank Governor Juan Jose Echavarria saidUpcoming data : Monday , Dec. 4TurkeyNov . inflationIndonesia Nov. inflationTuesday , Dec. 5BrazilOct . industrial productionSouth Africa3Q GDPPoland Monetary policy decisionPhilippinesNov . inflationSouth KoreaNov . foreign reserves , Oct. current-account balanceTaiwanNov . inflationWednesday , Dec. 6IndiaMonetary policy decisionMexicoNov . consumer confidenceThursday , Dec. 7ChinaNov . foreign reservesBrazilNov . FGV inflationMexicoNov . inflationChileNov . inflation , trade dataFriday , Dec. 8ChinaNov . trade dataBrazil Nov . IBGE inflationTurkeyOct . industrial productionIndonesiaNov . foreign reservesTaiwan Nov. trade dataTo contact the reporters on this story : Yumi Teso in Bangkok at yteso1@bloomberg.net , Justin Villamil in New York at jvillamil18@bloomberg.net , Alex Nicholson in Moscow at anicholson6@bloomberg.net . To contact the editors responsible for this story : Tomoko Yamazaki at tyamazaki@bloomberg.net , Rita Nazareth at rnazareth@bloomberg.net , Andrew Janes , Alec D.B. McCabe © 2017 Bloomberg L.P.	EM Review : Stocks Post Worst Rout in Year as Tech Shares Slump
Now that OPEC and non-OPEC members have agreed to extend oil production cuts through the end of 2018 , the priorities for markets will be global demand and shale oil production . The demand side looks strong for the year ahead , and shale investments will be held back by three factors : a backwardated forward curve ( or when near-term futures are costlier than later contracts ) , a desire by drillers to not get burned like in early 2016 after prices collapsed , and a dwindling number of ideal distressed assets for investors to buy.Demand was a hot topic at the OPEC meetings in Vienna , referenced repeatedly by OPEC President and Saudi Oil Minister Khalid Al-Falih . Like all commodities , oil is bought and not sold . This means oil demand is the most important driver of prices in the short term . And OPEC ’s forecasts for oil demand growth in the year ahead are strong.What underpins this expectation of oil demand growth ? A strong macroeconomic outlook , where major economies are likely to show solid levels of growth and monetary policy is likely to remain relatively loose globally . While progression through the credit cycle presents some risks , those are likely to be a greater concern in 2019 , but not 2018 . Strong leading indicators for near-term economic growth and oil prices are global manufacturing purchasing manufacturing indices ( PMIs ) . These have been expanding , which is a positive sign for oil demand and prices . November releases showed expansions in the Chinese Caixin , the U.S. ISM , and the euro zone manufacturing PMI . The euro zone was particularly strong , posting the highest level since April 2000 and the second-highest reading in history.Oil supply is also a concern , but not OPEC ’s supply . The biggest concern is a resurgence in shale oil drilling . But these concerns may be a bit overblown . One critical factor holding back U.S. shale oil drilling is the backwardated forward curve . This shows that the price of oil is likely to be cheaper in the future than in the present . And it reflects high levels of hedging in the market . Some argue that large amounts of hedging activity indicates that the shale boom is on solid footing . But there may be another implication : No one wants to get burned . The period from the end of 2014 through the middle of 2016 was a painful time for many oil and gas companies , as prices plunged and they had trouble meeting debt payments . Many drillers are still fearful -- or at best , they are cautious.This means that while shale oil drilling will continue , the hedging of prices is likely to be active . In order to incentivize high levels of drilling , the entire forward curve would need to be much higher than it currently is in order to protect drillers . Put another way , much higher oil prices across the curve would likely be necessary to reverse the trend in rising crude oil prices since April 2016 . Oil prices that are marginally higher would likely result in only marginal increases in oil production rather than a big increase in barrels of additional shale.Investors have tried to avoid getting burned again by limiting their investments to high-value distressed shale assets . But while investment in shale funds has risen , it is becoming more challenging to find these kinds of assets . Oil prices around current levels mean that high-quality distressed assets are becoming scarcer . I personally know of a number of funds that are struggling to deploy their capital , because they have very specific requirements for sweetheart oil deals . Such deals will be even tougher to find in 2018 . Much like the backwardation in the forward curve , this risk aversion that has been codified into oil and gas investment mandates is also likely to limit shale oil supply.As the so-called Central Bank of Oil , OPEC does n’t set targets for oil prices , but it is targeting the five-year average for global oil inventories . The policy of OPEC and non-OPEC member has been explicitly designed -- and extended -- to drive OECD oil inventory levels lower to the five-year average . But technical trading factors may prove to be more important for the price of crude in the immediate term . West Texas Intermediate prices are above the critical 30 - and 100-day moving averages , and they remain above a long-term trend that has been in place since April 2016 ( blue line in graph ) . If that trend remains supported , oil prices could continue to rise , and drilling will increase . However , without a more significant rise in oil prices , shale drilling is unlikely to rise enough to stop the decline in oil inventories to the five-year average level . And with strong growth as the backdrop , we are likely end up with both lower oil inventories and higher average oil prices in 2018 . Bloomberg Prophets Professionals offering actionable insights on markets , the economy and monetary policy . Contributors may have a stake in the areas they write about . To contact the author of this story :	With OPEC Meeting Done , Economy Set to Drive Oil
Hindustan Oil Exploration Co. is rising from the ashes about a year after Italy ’s Eni SpA sold its controlling stake.The private Indian explorer started oil and gas production from a new field in northeast India and is pushing ahead with another development offshore Mumbai that it won earlier this year in an auction , Chief Executive Officer P. Elango said in a phone interview.New production is critical for Hindustan Oil after its biggest field halted crude oil output in July 2011 , dragging the company into losses . Its revenue tumbled to 255 million rupees ( $ 3.9 million ) during the year to March from a peak of 3.5 billion rupees six years ago . The company is targeting annual sales of 3 billion rupees within three years led by production from the new fields and the revival of an older field in south India , Elango said . The 12-fold revenue increase is partly a consequence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi ’s push to ease rules and speed up exploration with a goal to reduce the country ’s oil imports . Eni acquired Hindustan Oil in 2008 through its acquisition of Burren Energy Plc . The Italian company exited last year after output dwindled at the Indian producer and oil prices plunged to their lowest in a decade.The private explorer expects the Dirok field in north eastern Assam state to achieve daily peak production of 36 million standard cubic feet of gas and 1,000 barrels of oil and condensate by April 1 , Elango said . Hindustan Oil , which operates the block , has a 27 percent stake . It will use the cash flow from that operation to fund development of the two other blocks and retain its debt-free status , he said . Hindustan Oil rose as much as 2.3 percent to 132.70 rupees in early Monday trading in Mumbai . The shares have doubled this year , outpacing a 23 percent gain in the benchmark S&amp;P BSE Sensex . Internal ReservesTotal investment in all three projects will be about $ 115 million , of which Hindustan Oil will fund its share of $ 50 million entirely through internal cash generation . “ We wanted to adopt a minimum capex model , ” Elango said . “ Once we understand the reservoir and start generating cash , we can drill more wells and increase the production . ” The Chennai-based company and its partner Aban Offshore Ltd. , India ’s largest drilling-services provider , submitted a $ 42 million development plan last month for field B80 offshore Mumbai . The companies plan to produce 15 million standard cubic feet of gas and 5,000 barrels of oil every day after the first phase of development by June 2020 , Elango said . Hindustan Oil is also reviving two existing wells in the offshore PY-1 field in southern India . It is producing about 2.5 million cubic feet of gas per day from the field at present and plans to quadruple it , he said . Peak output from the field was 50 million cubic feet .	Eni 's Former Indian Oil Explorer Targets 12-Fold Sales Jump
KVS Admit Card 2017 - Get download links of KVS PRT , TGT , PGT name Letter 2017 / Kendriya Vidyalaya TGT PGT PRT Recruitment Admit card 2017KVS Admit Card 2017 , Kendriya Vidyalaya TGT PGT PRT Recruitment Admit card — KVS TGT Admit Card 2017 is formallylaunched through Kendriya Vidyalaya on the respectable portal . students who had positioned their applications can down load KVS PGT Admit Card 2017 now by way of the use of private credentials . KVS PRT Admit Card 2017 is an crucialreport and students want to carry it to the exam hall with them . In case someone forgets to carry KVS Recruitment 2017 Admit Card for TGT PGT PRT Written exam along , attempting the examination wo n’t be authorized . KVS name letter 2017 is to be had on-line from 3rd of December 2017 . Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan has officially released the admit card for direct recruitment of PGT , PRT , TGT teaching Posts scheduled on 16 December 2017 ( PGT &amp; PRT ) and on 17 December 2017 ( KVS TGT ) . The applicants who have submitted the utility styles of KVS TGT , PGT and PRT Northern area quarter can download KVS TGT , PGT , and PRT corridor price ticket 2017 . The applicants who have carried out for the KVS TGT PGT PRT Recruitment 2017 , they want to check official information in Kendriya Vidyalaya name Letter 2017 . KVS teacher Admit Card 2017 will contain all info like venue , examination timings , roll number , and many others . KVS corridor ticket 2017 is available now for TGT , PGT , PRT for exams on sixteen and 17 December 2017 at the moment are to be had at the legitimate website . along with KVS hall price tag 2017 , students also need to bring a photograph id evidence . go through all info of KVS PRT admit card 2017-KVS corridor ticket , KVS Recruitment 2017 Admit Card for TGT , PGT and PRT-The Kendriya Vidyalaya Recruitment 2o17 – 18 is to recruit applicants for posts of educated Graduate teacher , post Graduate teacher &amp; primary trainer Recruitment Posts . applicants can locate download hyperlinks for KVS TGT PGT PRT Admit Card 2017 on reputable website i.e. kvsangathan.nic.in . KVS Recruitment 2017 Admit card for TGT , PGT , PRT can be downloaded by getting into Registration quantity and Date of birth . If a candidates figures any wrong facts in KVS Admit Card 2017 , he/she should record immediately to the authority .	KVS Admit Card 2017 - Download KVS PRT , TGT , PGT Call Letter
Kelly Clarkson caught her recent home robbery on camera . The 35-year-old singer 's Los Angeles house was targeted by burglars last Wednesday night ( 29Nov17 ) , when Kelly and her family were out of town . Speaking about the scary incident during an interview with Entertainment Tonight on Friday , Kelly admitted CCTV in her house meant the robbery , and presumably the thieves themselves , were captured on camera . " Luckily , we were n't there - and somebody was supposed to be there at that time that we were robbed , " Kelly explained . " We caught it on camera , but it was just one of those things that sucked , you know ? Somebody was in your kid ’s room and ransacked our whole room and closet and everything , and that 's never a good feeling . " Kelly is certainly no stranger to having her home ransacked by robbers . However , now she 's a mother - to River Rose and Remington with husband Brandon Blackstock , as well as stepmother to his two children from a previous relationship - the incident has taken on a whole other level . " Honestly , it 's my third time in life ( being ) robbed , but I think it 's different when you have kids , ” she mused . “ It 's a different level of , ' Ugh . ' We ’re blessed we were n't home . It definitely sucks and it ’s good that our two older kids were n't with us and our two younger kids do n't really get it . " Regardless of the burglary , Kelly is looking forward to the festive season , and spending it with her family . Of the importance of spending time with loved ones at Christmas , the former American Idol winner smiled : " No matter what industry or walk of life you 're from , it ’s the time of year that slows down for us to actually hone in on what 's important and the fact that we 're all happy and healthy and here for a little longer . "	Kelly Clarkson : ' Home cameras caught burglars in action '
Xiaomi Corp. , the Chinese smartphone maker that was once the most valuable startup in the world , is in talks with investment banks about a possible initial public offering and seeking a valuation of at least $ 50 billion , according to people familiar with the matter.The Beijing-based company is considering an offering as soon as next year with banks suggesting Hong Kong as the most likely destination , said the people , requesting not to be named because the matter is private . While banks have talked up Xiaomi ’s prospects as they seek to win the mandate , they have concerns about whether the company can reach the $ 50 billion level , much less a $ 100 billion target that some top executives have embraced , the people said . Xiaomi last raised money in 2014 at a $ 46 billion valuation.Lei JunPhotographer : Dhiraj Singh/BloombergXiaomi has gained momentum in recent months after stumbling against local rivals such as Huawei Technologies Co. and Oppo . The company , led by Lei Jun , has invested aggressively in retail stores and in India . It ’s now on the verge of surpassing Samsung Electronics Co. in the country , the world ’s fastest-growing smartphone market . A successful IPO may bring it at least $ 5 billion , much-needed ammunition for expansion , the people said . “ We want to transplant China ’s business ideas into other countries , ” Lei said Monday at the World Internet Conference in Wuzhen , without commenting on an IPO . “ In India , we ’ve created a miracle . After only three years , we ’ve become number one . ” Kaylene Hong , a Xiaomi spokeswoman , says the company does not comment on IPO matters . The Information reported earlier that Xiaomi is considering an IPO as early as the second half of 2018 . While the company has had ups and downs , the $ 50 billion target may be attainable , depending on business performance and market trends over the next few months . “ It ’s not a preposterous valuation , ” said Keith Pogson , global assurance leader for banking and capital markets in Hong Kong at consultant EY . “ Without a doubt , the market is hot for tech companies , especially tech companies with China ties . ” Founded in 2010 , Xiaomi , or Little Rice , made its mark with buzzy online marketing campaigns , eschewing traditional retail stores . By 2014 , its formula of flash sales and savvy social media helped it top Chinese smartphone rankings and amass the valuation that made it briefly the highest in the world , before it was surpassed by Uber Technologies Inc . Lei , who often sported black turtlenecks , was compared with Apple Inc. ’s Steve Jobs . But Xiaomi stumbled last year , with shipments plunging against fierce local competition . The company ranked only fifth in Chinese phone shipments in the first quarter , according to research firm IDC . Oppo and counterpart Vivo punished the company by developing strong ties with retailers in small towns and rural areas of China.Lei has revived the company by expanding its product line , geographic reach and sales channels . Xiaomi is making a major push into old-fashioned retail : it plans to build 1,000 “ Mi Home ” stores by 2019 -- about twice Apple ’s global store count -- targeting 70 billion yuan ( $ 10 billion ) of retail sales by 2021 . An IPO may help Xiaomi retain employees who have stuck with the company through the tough times . In January , Hugo Barra , a former Google executive who had spent three and a half years at Xiaomi , returned to Silicon Valley for a job at Facebook Inc. “ Employees will love to hear the company is finally planning an IPO , ” said James Yan , an analyst with consultancy Counterpoint.Lei has bet heavily on overseas expansion , especially in India . In an interview in March , he said Xiaomi would double its investment in the country , spending another $ 500 million over the next three to five years.Xiaomi ’s new Redmi Note 4 sold about 250,000 units within minutes on India ’s top online retailer Flipkart.com as well as its own online site , the company said . The Beijing-based company hit $ 1 billion in Indian revenue for 2016 . “ Our path towards internationalization began four years ago , " Lei said Monday through a translator . " At first we faced many difficulties . In 2015 we lost around 1 billion or more yuan – a great loss caused because we were starting in so many countries . After that we set on an idea of whether we could build an example market and we settled on India . Three years later we ’re in over 60 countries . ” Xiaomi is focusing on emerging markets including Russia and Indonesia . The company has said it also intends to establish a presence in the U.S. , where it ’s held off on selling phones in favor of devices such as fitness bands . Xiaomi is now aiming to ship 100 million smartphones next year , reviving a target it had abandoned during its difficult days . “ We ’ve been seeing the rise of Chinese brands , ” Lei said . “ In the next ten years , the large number of Chinese brands will continue to grow and become international – the trend is quite clear . ” — With assistance by Yuan Gao , and David Ramli	Xiaomi Seeks Valuation of at Least $ 50 Billion in IPO
There was a time when people used to be worried everytime when a family member stepped out of the home . Be it a kid going to school or spouse going out to work . Majorly , people fear accidents or other criminal activities that can be a threat to the life of your loved one . Thus , all they wanted was to be aware of the location to ensure that the family or close one is safe . Thankfully , to the new and better innovation that has been made recently that now people can stay stress-free anywhere they go.GPS devices have truly proved to be a boon in today ’s time . Using these tracking devices you can know the real-time location of anyone . Among all the options that are presently available , PT-V3 GPS Tracker Device is a popular tool that is used by a number of people around the world . They are portable , light-weighted , battery powered and the best part is that there is no additional installation is needed.Here Are A Few Tips That Will You To Buy An Efficient Devices Like The PT-V3 GPS Tracker : - Ø The first thing that you need to pay heed to is the compatibility of the device to perform without any hassle in remote areas . Location should not be a barrier in the performance of your device . So , before making the actual purchase , you need to ascertain this.Ø Apart from this , the device that you choose to buy should be reliable , quick and be able to give real-time GPS tracking solution . For this , a preferable option would be a wireless solution that can run without any bug . This will let you have a 24X7 peace of mind.Ø Besides this , another factor that you need to keep in mind is the purpose for which you want to buy the tracking device . Based on whether you want to use it in your car , for tracking your child or any other purpose , you can pick a suitable option for yourself.In any case , if you have been searching for a device that is enriched with numerous advanced features , then PT-V3 GPS Tracker Device is an ideal option . They are easily available at various retail stores as well as online store . All that you have to do is find and approach a trusted company to get the best value for your money . And , for more information , you can take help from the internet .	Know How To Choose An Option Like The PT-V3 GPS Tracker Device
The Billionaire Moguls in a Race to Outer Space Elon Musk fully intends to put a red sports car made by a company that he runs into an enormous rocketship made by another company that he runs and then fire both into Mars orbit . The car , as it hurtles into space , will be playing a song by David Bowie on repeat.It goes without saying that the song will be “ Space Oddity ” — and that this plan was announced , like so many of Musk ’s business decisions , in a cryptic message on Twitter over the weekend . A person familiar with the launch plan at SpaceX Inc. confirmed that it is real . This SpaceX launch slated for January will be noteworthy for reasons that go beyond the payload , a cherry-red Tesla Roadster owned by Musk . It will also mark a coming out for the much-awaited Falcon Heavy , in a launch slated for the same Florida launchpad that sent Apollo astronauts to the moon . This is how the founder , chief executive and largest shareholder of both SpaceX and Tesla Inc. does cross-marketing promotion . He has even coined a tagline for the event : “ Red car for a red planet . ” SpaceX currently flies its Falcon 9 rocket for customers that include NASA , commercial satellite operators , and the U.S. military . Falcon Heavy is a far more powerful rocket that has been in development for years . While a Falcon 9 has nine Merlin engines , a Falcon Heavy has 27 . The first test , which will precede the attempt to fire a Tesla Roadster into Mars orbit , will be a “ static fire ” in which all of the engines are activated at once . “ We wanted to fly Heavy this year , ” Gwynne Shotwell told Aviation Week recently . “ We should be able to static fire this year and fly a couple of weeks right after that . ” SpaceX has Falcon Heavy launches for satellite customers and the U.S. military on its manifest . There ’s a legitimate reason , beyond showmanship , to keep the maiden flight clear of paying customers . “ Any time you have a new rocket launching , you ’re going to learn a lot , ” said Phil Larson , a former space policy adviser to President Barack Obama who worked for SpaceX and is now at the University of Colorado . “ Just like the first flight of a new jumbo jet does n’t go with a full complement of passengers , it makes sense to do a launch where you can learn a lot but the payload is n’t mission critical . ” SpaceX has had a strong year . The closely-held company based in Hawthorne , Calif. , has already flown 16 missions in 2017 , double the number in 2016 , and is slated to ferry cargo to the International Space Station on Dec. 8 as part of its contract with NASA.Tesla ’s year has been more muddled . The public company unveiled its Model 3 , a more affordable electric sedan , with great fanfare in late July but has yet to prove that it can manufacture the car in high volumes . The automaker built just 260 Model 3s in the third quarter , far short of its forecast of 1,500 . Tesla has n’t said how many cars it expects to make it final three months of 2017 . The company said last month that it expected to reach a rate of 5,000 Model 3s per week by late March — a quarter later than it projected — because of issues with battery production at its gigafactory near Reno , Nevada.Last month , during the unveiling of Tesla ’s forthcoming Semi truck , Musk made a surprise announcement that the company is taking reservations for a next-generation Roadster that wo n’t be ready until at least 2020 .	Elon Musk Is n’t Joking About Sending a Tesla to Mars
Originally Answered here : QuoraYou can divide the major players in the following categories.Protocols / BlockchainsEthereum Blockchain App Platform — Most ambition Blockchain projectHyperledger ( by Linux Foundation ) — Major projects like Fabric ( By IBM ) , Sawtooth ( By Intel ) Corda : R3 Consortium ( Consortium of some of the biggest financial institutions for research and development of blockchain database usage in financial systems ) Other mentions — Polkadot , Interledger , Rootstack , TezosCompaniesBlockchain , Coinbase — Crypto WalletsConsenSys — Blockchain studio : closely associated with many Ethereum projectsChronicled — IOT + BlockchainIndividualsVitalik Buterin — Ethereum FounderRoger Ver — Early Investor in Many Bitcoin Related Startups ( Bitcoin Jesus ) Andreas M. Antonopoulos — Bitcoin AdvocateNaval Ravikant — Investor in Many Blockchain Based StartupsPublicationsCoinDesk — Leader in blockchain news.Cointelegraph Bitcoin &amp; Ethereum Blockchain NewsCryptoCoinNews : Bitcoin , Ethereum , ICO , Blockchain &amp; Cryptocurrency NewsThanks For Reading!Follow me if you are interested in Blockchain and Cryptos.I even have a youtube channel for the same : Youtube	Who To Follow For Blockchain Technology ?
Write Blog Posts That Get Read , Shared , and RememberedDo you have trouble getting people to read your blog posts?You ’ve done what the big players tell you to do : Post every week.Format your posts for scanners.Write a great headline.Yet still you struggle to get anyone interested in your writing.What ’s missing?An emotional bond with your reader . “ Great , ” you groan . “ I thought I was doing that already . ” It ’s not that you have n’t tried . You ’ve got enthusiasm , do n’t you ? Does n’t that count for something?Absolutely.While your passion is good and will make your work more interesting — it may not be enough to light a fire in your reader ’s heart . Honestly , it ’s only one side of the coin . “ Okay , I get that , ” you say . “ So how do I make a powerful connection with my readers if passion is n’t the key ? ” The Biggest Obstacle You Put In Your WayHere ’s the problem . When you focus on your passion , you focus on yourself.Think about that.Sure , you need passion to get through the long , dark days of waiting and wondering whether anyone will ever care.Passion will help you learn what you need to know to make a difference in the world.What it wo n’t do is show you how to transfer your feelings , your interests , and your desires to your readers.The key that opens the door to your reader ’s heart is a servant ’s heart.A servant ’s heart will : Prove to others you ’re not just milking them for cash.Open doors mere passion will not.Combine with passion to help you reach your goals.Now let ’s take a look at how you can apply that to your next blog post.The Secret Sauce of Immediate Emotional ConnectionsEmotions are universal . Experience is not.Last September , I heard Marsha Shandur , a storytelling coach , make this profound statement : People may not have had every experience , but they ’ve experienced every emotion.I have n’t been a lumberjack . I do n’t know dink about how to fix a car . I ca n’t perform brain surgery . And to be honest , I do n’t want to do any of those things.I have been mad when some friends we invited for dinner did n’t show up , call , or even express remorse . My chest hurt when a friend buried her 23 year old daughter last year . I jumped for joy when my 2 poems won first place in a school wide competition.Remember that the best part of the story is the emotional element . We can identify with the hero ’s frustration , fear , and jubilation — even if we ca n’t fly or see through walls like he can.Throw some emotion into your writing . Your reader will feel it , too . If she feels it deeply enough , she ’ll tell everyone she knows what a great writer you are!Tell stories , lots of stories.If you ’re a fiction writer , this is a no — brainer.What if you write nonfiction ? Do you really need to tell stories?Only if you want to engage your reader.How do you like to learn something ? Would you rather take a seat in an auditorium with a professor behind the podium pontificating great pearls of wisdom?Unless you ’re a glutton for punishment , I bet you ’d rather take a nap.Here ’s a better way . Invite someone you admire to coffee or lunch . It will be just you and that person enjoying good food and conversation . What could be better than that ? Especially if you ’re an introvert!Stories are like coffee with a friend . They invite you in . They give you a thrill . And they teach you without being overt about it.If you want to persuade people , start with a story . Then people will start persuading themselves long before you do.So what makes a good story?Give the hero a big challenge to overcome.Let your reader see the hero ’s flaws as well as his strengths.Make it seem impossible for the hero to come out a winner.Just like a rollercoaster makes you scream , a story brimming with adventure will set you on the edge of your seat.Pave your sales path with little yeses.You do n’t ask someone to marry you after you say , “ Hi , my name is Frank . ” It takes time for someone to get to know you well enough to even agree to go to dinner . And even then it might take a few conversations to warm the other person up to the idea.It ’s the same when you go to the doctor . He does n’t greet you at the door and say , “ You ’ve got cancer . ” He asks you questions . He probes — but not intrusively . He ’s trying to help , gain your trust , and restore your health . It ’s only after you trust him that you let him cut you open.You ’ve got lots of chances along the way to get agreement with your ideas . Every time you do , those yeses combine to create momentum that will get you the big yes in the end.Give the gift of hope.There ’s one thing we all have in common.We ’re all looking for hope.Here ’s how that looks : When you ’re fed up with your job , you hope you can hold out until next year or the day you retire.When you ’re happy with your life , you hope that feeling will last forever.When you ’re grieving , you hope that someday the intense pain you feel now will pass.When we feel our hope is gone , we start looking for another hope to replace it . You see , hope is essential to life . Without it , we waste away and die.Hope is water to someone dying of thirst . It ’s a loving embrace for someone who feels alone and forgotten . And hope is wealth to those mired in poverty.Give the gift of hope — and do it sincerely . When you do , you ’ll have more influence than all the persuasion techniques in the world will give you.Now Use Your Words to Change the WorldYou ’ve just learned a winning plan for forming lasting emotional bonds with your readers.Use what you learned here and this will happen : Your blog posts will get more shares.People will comment because you 've moved them emotionally.Readers will trust you enough to buy your products and hire you as a coach.Are you ready to change the world with your words ? Are you ready to respond to more comments , more emails , and more requests for your help?If you are , you ’ll become more popular than ever . You ’ll become a trusted authority . And your blog posts will get read , loved , and shared!Photo courtesy of PixabayPhoto courtesy of PixabayLike what you just read ? Clap heartily . Share it with your friends . Visit www.frankmckinleyauthor.com for more great tips on how to engage readers , sell your ideas , and build your tribe !	How to Form a Strong Emotional Bond with Your Readers
Dubai ( AFP ) - Bahrain 's leading Shiite cleric Sheikh Isa Qassim , a central opposition figure , has been admitted to hospital in critical condition , his family and a rights group said Monday.Sheikh Qassim , in his late 70s , is a spearhead of Bahrain 's opposition movement demanding an elected government in the Shiite-majority kingdom , which has been ruled for more than two centuries by the Sunni Al-Khalifa dynasty . Qassim was stripped of his citizenship in 2016 on charges that include " serving foreign interests " , an allusion to Shiite-ruled Iran.He has been under de facto house arrest ever since.Nedal al-Salman , acting president of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights , and a relative of Qassim who requested anonymity both confirmed Qassim was in critical condition . Authorities allowed his family to transport him to a hospital of their choosing after they declined state-sanctioned medical care . The cleric 's ailing health has for weeks been a point of contention between authorities and the Qassim family , who had refused the government 's offer to transfer him to hospital over fears he may be detained and deported should he leave his residence . While his family has not made public the details of his condition , rights groups say he has high blood pressure , diabetes and heart disease . Located between regional arch-rivals Iran and Saudi Arabia , Sunni-ruled Bahrain is home to a Shiite majority that has long complained of political marginalisation.Protests demanding an elected government have rocked the archipelago since 2011 , sparking a state crackdown on political dissent.Authorities have jailed dozens of high-profile activists and disbanded both religious and secular opposition groups.They have also stripped hundreds of their citizenship , making many stateless , according to Amnesty International.The Bahrain government accuses Iran of backing the protests and attempting to overthrow the government.Tehran denies any involvement .	Bahrain 's top Shiite cleric hospitalised
Alexa Chung was told by Kate Moss she was a " really bad " DJ . The 34-year-old television presenter was asked to take to the decks at a fashion show after party hosted by designer Karl Lagerfeld , but after just " six minutes " of entertaining the audience the 43-year-old supermodel had her replaced with another DJ . Speaking on Sean Evans ' YouTube series titled ' Hot Ones ' , the model said : " So I burnt all my CD 's and I picked out a playlist and I went on , and then Kate Moss came over and was like ' Hi I 'm Kate Moss ' , I was like ' Hi nice to meet you . ' And she said ' I 've arranged for someone else to takeover because you 're really bad at DJ ' ing ' , and I was like ' Okay fine , understood . ' So I lasted about six minutes . " Alexa relocated to New York in 2009 , but the star has hailed the UK for better style because she believes people are encouraged and " celebrated " for their " eccentric " dress sense . When asked what country has the best fashion sense , she said : " England . I think there 's room for irreverence and quirkiness in Britain . Or it 's celebrated when people are eccentric , this is going back from King George or something . People like it when you 're a bit weird . Whereas in America there 's safety in uniformity . It 's still interesting over here but it 's slicker . " And the star has revealed she gets " fewer looks " for dressing " like a freak " when she is in London . She added : " And you get fewer looks for dressing like a freak in London . " Alexa - who was scouted at the age of 16 years old - has admitted there are pitfalls in the fashion industry , and she finds the " power dynamic " between the model and the photographer " creepy " and " weird " . Speaking about the obscure side to the business , the fashion designer - who launched her own eponymous fashion label earlier this year , and has previously created a range for Madewell and Marks and Spencer - explained : " Photographers being creepy . There 's always just a little bit of a weird transaction , it ca n't not be . Because you are being observed and captured for a purely visual asset . So that power dynamic is always going to be weird . It 's the language they talk , like ' that 's good , yeah I like that ' . It 's just a little bit weird . "	Alexa Chung was told by Kate Moss she was a ' really bad ' DJ
In the society where I find myself today , boredom carries the same heavy stigma as other social ills . Calling boredom a social ill may sound extreme , but I have yet to express boredom to someone without eliciting a jarred reaction.Being bored , I have found , is regarded as an illness of the lazy , the failure to launch , the drain on the economy - perhaps due to the nuance of its synonymic counterparts i.e. ’ dullness / dreary ’ . In an age where busy-ness is exemplified and lauded as the most honourable of states , admitting to boredom can be social suicide.I have never been comfortable with boredom ; I have seen it as an indication of approaching trouble — an anxiety looming by not being on top of the busy-ness game . Fortunately with the digital age , any threat of boredom can be subdued by social media — where , more often than not , one is drawn into how wonderfully others have filled up their lives and are showcasing evidence thereof.When I feel bored , I start panicking : that I will be ‘ found out ’ , that I will be considered useless or pathetic . As I child I remember my mother asking me “ Are you bored ? ” . If I dared reply with “ Yes ” , the immediate answer was “ Well , find something to do ” . It is here where the belief of doing = living = good becomes ingrained . One of my favourite quotes is “ You ’re a human BEING , not a human doing . ” Being human is ultimately about being — breathing , thinking . You ’re not any less of a human if you ’re just being . In my yoga practice I often get anxious when I feel I ’m being too long in a resting pose , as I think I should be doing another and more poses.Most things in life can teach us something , and my discomfort with boredom has taught me the value and worth of being a kind person . Boredom often ignites the thinking mind , and if you are not happy with the person you are and your own company , then the frantic search for an action starts . Just being together with another person , not necessarily talking or doing something , is a powerful measure of humanness at its best . Ask yourself : if CVs did not exist , what would you think of you?In an ironic twist , I have come to realise that when I reach a sense of boredom , it is an indication that my left brain has taken a break , and opens up space for my creative self . It is then when I come up with some great creative ideas and dreams , which then spur me onto action — the doing self.I ’m slowly breaking the stigma of boredom — in myself and my surroundings . My first reaction is predictable discomfort and angst , but as I sit with it , I ’ve started to embrace boredom as a launchpad for creativity .	Why being bored is okay
We delve into the challenges and rewards of measuring Parkinson ’s , and why improving this is key to delivering better treatments.Over the past 20 years huge strides have been made in Parkinson ’s research which are now leading to the development of new treatments with the potential to slow , stop or reverse Parkinson ’s . This is great news but there ’s a catch . To deliver better treatments to people with the condition , we need to be able to prove their worth in numbers.And that means finding ways to measure the progression of Parkinson ’s accurately and meaningfully . “ Not everything that can be counted counts.Not everything that counts can be counted . ” What can we learn from HIV?Perhaps one of the most compelling examples of how improving the ability to measure an illness has accelerated improved treatments and care is in HIV and the ability to measure ‘ viral load ’ . Viral load is the term used to describe the amount of HIV in your blood . The more HIV there is in your blood ( the higher your viral load ) , the faster your immune system will be damaged , and the greater your risk of becoming ill because of HIV.In the 1990s , viral load tests were a new technology being developed as a research tool.in 1995 tests could measure down to 10,000 copies per millilitre of bloodby 1996 – 7 tests could measure down to 400 or 500 copies/mlsince 1998 most tests can measure down to 40 or 50 copies/mland tests used in research are even more sensitive ( down to 5 or even 1 copy/ml ) These rapid advances in the ability to measure viral load provided doctors and researchers with a direct way to measure the impact of each new drug . Before viral load tests , doctors were only able to measure the resulting impact on the immune system ( by counting the number of remaining immune cells in the blood ) or the development of symptoms.Viral load tests are now a crucial part of treatment and care for people with HIV , and have played a vital role in improving life expectancy to near normal for those with the illness.How we measure Parkinson ’s todayThe main way we measure Parkinson ’s in clinical studies and trials today is using a scale called the Movement Disorders Society Unified Parkinson ’s Disease Rating Scale ( or MDS-UPDRS for short ) . This assessment is composed of 50 questions about both movement ( motor ) and non-movement ( non-motor ) symptoms . Some parts are completed by the individual with Parkinson ’s ( sometimes with the assistance of their partner or carer ) and other parts by a qualified clinician.Each question is rated from 0 ( normal ) to 4 ( severe ) , and then the marks are added up to give a total score which is intended to provide an overall indication of the severity of the condition.There are also a range of other different scales and questionnaires that can be used in clinical trials to look at things like quality of life , activities of daily living and specific symptoms ( such as memory or balance ) in greater detail.None are perfect and most studies will use a range of these tools to try and provide a picture of whether participants are improving or getting worse over time.But while current methods for measuring Parkinson ’s can be useful , there are some key challenges that mean we need to develop better methods.Focused on symptomsCurrent measures like the MDS-UPDRS primarily focus on the symptoms of Parkinson ’s , and especially upon the movement-related symptoms like tremor , stiffness and slowness.As a result , they can be very helpful for showing the benefits of therapies that ease symptoms — especially movement symptoms . But , they are less good at measuring the progression of Parkinson ’s over time — which is crucial if we ’re going to be able to demonstrate that a treatment can slow the course of the condition.In the eye of the beholder … Most of the current clinical measures and scales rely upon the judgement of either the clinician performing the assessment or the individual with Parkinson ’s themselves . And this means they can be influenced by personal feelings , perceptions , or opinions.For example , one of the questions in the MDS-UPDRS that participants answer is about handwriting : This is actually a very difficult thing to judge objectively.One person ’s opinion and another ’s on the same handwriting may vary hugely , so how meaningful can the scores really be?A true picture of Parkinson ’s ? Finally , one of the other challenges of the current clinical measures is that most of them are done in an ‘ artificial ’ environment — like a hospital — and can only capture a very brief snapshot of Parkinson ’s . For instance , if someone has to walk across a room while being filmed and watched by clinical professionals — does this meaningfully reflect their ability to walk around their home or to the shops?Parkinson ’s is a condition that can fluctuate considerably from day to day and even hour to hour . This means that one individual ’s score could vary significantly depending on the time of day , whether they had a good nights sleep , their anxiety levels or if they have a cold . And this variability presents a particular problem when you ’re trying to measure how someone ’s condition is progressing over a relatively short period of time.Creating better measures for Parkinson ’ sThis inability to objectively measure whether Parkinson ’s is getting better or worse ( or how quickly ) is a major barrier in clinical trials that are testing new treatments that aim to slow , stop or reverse the condition.The good news is that scientists across the world are working to find new and improved methods for measuring this complex condition , and exciting progress is being made.Finding ‘ biomarkers ’ A biomarker is a measurable change in the body that can tell us something useful about the severity of an illness — like viral load in HIV , or blood-sugar levels for diabetes.So far , we do not have any proven biological tests for Parkinson ’s but thanks to the efforts of researchers , we have some very promising candidates being developed.These include tests that analyse breath , blood and cerebrospinal fluid , and advances in brain imaging.Harnessing technologyThe development of new technologies also represent a huge opportunity to develop better ways to monitor Parkinson ’s much more objectively.Wearable technologies , like pedometers and wrist sensors , are being developed that can collect and analyse vast amounts of data around the clock to produce a much more meaningful and comprehensive picture of Parkinson ’s symptoms.Focusing on what mattersFinally and perhaps most importantly , if we ’re going to develop treatments that meaningfully improve life for people with Parkinson ’s , we need better ways to measure the real impact on everyday life.One example of a new tool that aims to better capture this for Parkinson ’s is the ‘ Patient Reported Outcomes in Parkinson ’s Disease ’ ( or PRO-PD ) scale.To get this right , people with the condition need to be involved in developing and testing all these new methods and scales to ensure they measure the right things and that they are practical to use in clinical trials.Get involvedFrom shaping research to taking part in research studies to becoming a Research Volunteer , there is a role for anyone in the Parkinson ’s community to get involved in research . And if you ’re interested in finding out about these opportunities , or just want to stay connected with the latest research the Research Support Network is for you .	Measuring Parkinson ’s : how long is a piece of string ?
Are you heading to the colorful , culturally and historically rich island in the Indian Ocean ? Bring your flip-flops and sun hat , hiking shoes and stilettos and get ready to travel to Sri Lanka like a true islander — no one will ever mistake you for a newbie!The BeachIf you ’re after the endless views of the blue ocean , strips of golden sandy beaches , swaying coconut trees and working on your summer glow , then the island ’s glistening coastline is for you . Head down south to the famous seaside destinations such as Bentota , Hikkaduwa , Galle , Unawatuna and Mirissa for your dose of sun , sand and sea . There are a myriad of activities to partake in depending on the location you choose . For example , Bentota is most famous for water sports such as jet skis , kite surfing and thrilling tube rides , while Hikkaduwa is ideal for snorkellers , surfers and divers . The beaches of Unawatuna is perfect for those looking to enjoy a lazy swim along calm waters . Mirissa is great for whale and dolphin watching — the boats usually leave the harbour by 6 in the morning . You ’ll be able to travel to the southern beaches by bus or train if you ’re travelling on a budget . If you ’re not , a rental car is the most convenient option.The HillsIf you ’re looking for a change of scenery and climate , travel to Nuwera Eliya , Ella or Kandy for some mountainous breathtaking views . The best views are experienced from the train ride to these destinations . Take the train to Badulla and be prepared for the most exhilarating view as the train makes it way around the mountains . If you ’re travelling past Ella , you ’ll go over the scenic , ancient , and Instagram-popular Nine Arch Bridge . Travelling by public bus is not recommended as being cramped up might eventually take its toll . Travelling by car is an advantage as always , as you ’ll be able to travel at your own pace and make pit stops along the way . Do n’t forget to visit a tea factory and get a taste of Sri Lanka ’s freshest brew of Ceylon Tea.The City LifeExperience city life in Sri Lanka ’s busiest city — Colombo . Not to be mistaken as the capital city , Colombo is the commercial hub of the island and is the gateway connecting the whole island . Stay at the recently opened Shangri La One Galle Face or any other property located on the stretch opposite the beautiful Galle Face if you want to be right smack in the middle of the hustle and bustle of city life . In Colombo , luxury apartments are all the hype with many sprouting up around the city like daffodils on a sunny day ! When you ’re in the city , drop by the National Museum to learn about the island ’s rich past of kings , queens and invaders . Enjoy a refreshing beer by the beach — it ’s known to be the best and most famous way to beat the humidity and heat and is a MUST try when you ’re a visitor . Travelling around the city is completely easy as there are plenty of options to choose from . Hop on a speedy public bus , a daredevil tuk-tuk that will make you wonder if they ’re trying out for the next season of Formula 1 , enjoy a scenic beach commute on the trains or hail a cab from the local PickMe service.Need to knowNow that you may have an idea of where and how to travel around Sri Lanka , here are some of the Need-to-knows that will make you a pro . If you ’re travelling by public transport , always carry change and small notes , bus conductors are famous for never having enough change to give back to you ! Street food is cheap and tasty , and its 90 % completely safe to eat — however , if you ca n’t handle spice , make sure to repeatedly tell them not to add chilli to your food ! Sri Lankans are super friendly and are always smiling — so if you ’re ever stuck with anything , just ask a friendly local !	How to Travel to Sri Lanka Like a Pro
DALLAS , December 4 , 2017 -- Surgery that does n't involve the heart may cause damage to the heart in people with known or at high risk of developing heart disease and was associated with an increased risk of death , according to new research in the American Heart Association 's journal Circulation . Heart cell damage during or after non-heart surgery , known as perioperative myocardial injury ( PMI ) , is an important yet often undetected complication following non-heart surgery and is strongly associated with death within 30 days after surgery , according to research published in the American Heart Association 's journal Circulation . The causes of PMI are still under investigation . " Patients with PMI are easily missed because they show no symptoms of heart disease in the majority of cases and only very rarely experience chest pain , which is the typical symptom of heart attack , " said Christian Puelacher , M.D. , Ph.D. , first author of the study and a clinical researcher at Cardiovascular Research Institute Basel , in Basel , Switzerland . To determine whether a patient 's non-heart surgery damaged heart cells , researchers screened patients for PMI by measuring levels of troponin - a heart protein -- in the blood before and after surgery to determine if there was injury to the heart . Troponin can indicate damage to the heart even when the patient has no symptoms . Non-heart surgeries ranged from low-risk ( prostate or knee surgery ) to moderate risk ( hip replacement or gall bladder removal ) to high risk ( peripheral artery bypass or resection of a lung or the liver ) . The researchers found that 1 out of 7 patients above the age of 65 or with preexisting coronary artery disease , peripheral artery disease , or stroke developed PMI . More than 90 percent of PMI patients reported typical chest pain . Patients with PMI had six times more likely to die of any cause within 30 days compared to patients without PMI . The high death rate associated with PMI persisted up to one year after surgery . The increased death rate within the first 30 days of surgery highlights that PMI is associated with death early after surgery , Puelacher said . After one year , it was clear that the patients who had high levels of troponin , meaning there was some damage to the heart from non-heart surgery , were more likely to die , and that the main increase in deaths was observed within the first weeks after surgery . " Recognizing PMI as a potential contributor to death after surgery might help improve the outcomes of non-cardiac surgery , " Puelacher said . " However , since there are no clear treatment recommendations for these patients , treatment currently has to be tailored to each patient individually . Therefore , further research is needed to find optimal PMI management strategies following detection . " Patients were enrolled in the BASEL-PMI study , which is aimed at improving patient outcomes after non-cardiac surgery , focusing on heart complications in the period after surgery . From 2014 to 2015 , 2,018 patients with known or at high risk of developing heart disease undergoing 2,546 non-cardiac surgeries at the University Hospital Basel in Switzerland , were included in the study . Co-authors are Giovanna Lurati Buse , M.D. , Daniela Seeberger , M.D. , Lorraine Sazgary , M.D. , Stella Marbot , M.D. , Andreas Lampart , M.D. , Jaqueline Espinola , M.D. , Christoph Kindler , M.D. , Angelika Hammerer , M.D. , Esther Seeberger , D.A.S. , Ivo Strebel , M.Sc. , Karin Wildi , M.D. , Raphael Twerenbold , M.D. , Jeanne du Fay de Lavallaz , M.D. , Luzius Steiner , M.D. , Ph.D. , Lorenz Gurke , M.D. , Tobias Breidthardt , M.D. , Katharina Rentsch , D.Sc. , Andreas Buser , M.D. , Danielle M Gualandro , Ph.D. , Stefan Osswald , M.D. , and Christian Mueller , M.D. , for the BASEL-PMI investigators . Contributing authors are : Manfred Seeberger , M.D. , Mirjam Christ-Crain , M.D. , Ph.D. , Florim Cuculi , M.D. , Patrick Badertscher , M.D. , Thomas Nestelberger , M.D. , Desiree Wussler , M.D. , Dayana Flores , M.D. , Jasper Boeddinghaus , M.D. , Zaid Sabti , M.D. , Maria Rubini Giménez , M.D. , Nikola Kozhuharov , M.D. , Samyut Shrestha , M.D. , Wanda Kloos , M.D. , Jens Lohrmann , M.D. , Tobias Reichlin , M.D. , Michael Freese , R.N. , Kathrin Meissner , R.N. , Christoph Kaiser , M.D. , and Andreas Buser , M.D. Author disclosures are on the manuscript . The University of Basel , the University Hospital Basel , the Swiss Heart Foundation , Abbott , Astra Zeneca , the Ph.D . Educational Platform for Health Sciences , the Forschungsfond Kantonsspital Aarau , and the Cardiovascular Research Foundation Basel funded the study . Additional Resources : Available multimedia located on the right column of the release : https://newsroom.heart.org/news/higher-risk-of-dying-due-to-heart-cell-damage-without-any-symptoms-occurs-during-or-after-non-heart-surgery?preview=4c4da916b84a723c4054a64db11871fe Follow AHA/ASA news on Twitter @HeartNews For updates and new science from the Circulation journal follow @CircAHA Statements and conclusions of study authors published in American Heart Association scientific journals are solely those of the study authors and do not necessarily reflect the association 's policy or position . The association makes no representation or guarantee as to their accuracy or reliability . The association receives funding primarily from individuals ; foundations and corporations ( including pharmaceutical , device manufacturers and other companies ) also make donations and fund specific association programs and events . The association has strict policies to prevent these relationships from influencing the science content . Revenues from pharmaceutical and device corporations and health insurance providers are available at . About the American Heart Association The American Heart Association is devoted to saving people from heart disease and stroke - the two leading causes of death in the world . We team with millions of volunteers to fund innovative research , fight for stronger public health policies and provide lifesaving tools and information to prevent and treat these diseases . The Dallas-based association is the nation 's oldest and largest voluntary organization dedicated to fighting heart disease and stroke . To learn more or to get involved , call 1-800-AHA-USA1 , visit heart.org or call any of our offices around the country . Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .	Higher risk of dying due to heart cell damage without any symptoms occurs during or after non-heart surgery
LIVE St. John 's More Streams School Christmas concert season is an exciting time for parents , teachers and students , and one Corner Brook mother is doing her part to help make the events even more special for some kids . April MacDonald has been collecting fancy dresses for students to wear at their Christmas concerts for five years . Normally , she only collects for students in need at her daughter 's school , and manages to come up with enough through family and friends . But this year , the school requested more than usual : a total of 25 dresses . MacDonald reached out for donations through Facebook , and the response was enormous . " Now we have enough dresses for every kid in need in the Bay of Islands , " she said . MacDonald understands the pressures and stresses that go along with being a parent during the holiday season . She said some families have more financial stress than others , and that could mean a child may have to go without a fancy new outfit for their concert . " There could be other reasons , of course , but just in case one of the reasons was that their parents chose between food and a fancy dress this month , I thought I 'd help out with the fancy dress , " she said . After collecting more than 50 dresses , MacDonald delivered them to schools all over the region . With the help of social workers who work with the schools , every child in need of a fancy frock received one in time for their Christmas concert . " These dresses look like they just came out of a store , " she said . " All of my daughter 's dresses were used once , and for an hour . " According to MacDonald , most of the people who have donated to her cause are happy that someone else is able to make use of a dress that 's been hanging in a closet and barely used . " They 're elaborate dresses … shiny and sparkly with lots of bows and ribbons , and not something a kid wants to wear for more than an hour , but still wants to proudly wear it for that hour , " she said .	Fancy dress donations make for a merry Christmas concert season in Bay of Islands
A Connecticut Christmas Carol ( A Goodspeed musical ) is taking place at The Norma Terris Theatre , and we want you to see the show … and more ! Some of the most beloved storytellers in Connecticut history come alive for a yuletide gathering you wo n’t forget . Famed actor and local legend William Gillette leaves his castle on the Connecticut River to adapt Dickens ’ holiday classic in the 1920s . Local heroes Mark Twain , Harriet Beecher Stowe and P.T. Barnum make spirited appearances opposite Gillette ’s Scrooge in a highly theatrical twist on a family favorite . Custom-made for Goodspeed with all-original music , here ’s a tuneful , heartfelt confection spiced with enough Nutmeg State flavor to sweeten your season . A Connecticut Christmas Carol ( A Goodspeed musical ) will be live at the The Norma Terris Theatre in Chester from November 17th to December 30th , 2017 . Tickets are on sale now at goodspeed.org , but all this week you can win tickets with WTIC NewsTalk 1080 … PLUS , you could win a $ 100 gift certificate for dinner at The Ivory Restaurant and Pub ! Tune in to Ray Dunaway each morning this week for your chance to call-in … When you hear the cue to call , dial 1-800-953-1080 and you could win a pair of tickets to an evening performance of A Connecticut Christmas Carol , plus your chance at a $ 100 gift certificate for dinner at The Ivory Restaurant and Pub !	Win Tickets To ‘ A Connecticut Christmas Carol ’
Ancient town Ephesus Description Ephesus ( / ˈɛfəsəs / ; Greek : Ἔφεσος Ephesos ; Turkish : Efes ; ultimately from Hittite Apasa ) was an ancient Greek city on the coast of Ionia , three kilometres southwest of present-day Selçuk in İzmir Province , Turkey . It was built in the 10th century BC on the site of the former Arzawan capital by Attic and Ionian Greek colonists . During the Classical Greek era it was one of the twelve cities of the Ionian League . The city flourished after it came under the control of the Roman Republic in 129 BC . According to estimates , Ephesus had a population of 33,600 to 56,000 people in the Roman period , making it the third largest city of Roman Asia Minor after Sardis and Alexandria Troas.The city was famed for the Temple of Artemis ( completed around 550 BC ) , one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World . In 268 AD , the Temple was destroyed or damaged in a raid by the Goths . It may have been rebuilt or repaired but this is uncertain , as its later history is not clear . Emperor Constantine the Great rebuilt much of the city and erected new public baths . Following the Edict of Thessalonica from Emperor Theodosius I , what remained of the temple was destroyed in 401 AD by a mob led by St. John Chrysostom . The town was partially destroyed by an earthquake in 614 AD . The city ’s importance as a commercial center declined as the harbor was slowly silted up by the Küçükmenderes River.Ephesus was one of the seven churches of Asia that are cited in the Book of Revelation . The Gospel of John may have been written here . The city was the site of several 5th century Christian Councils ( see Council of Ephesus ) . It is also the site of a large gladiators ’ graveyard . The ruins of Ephesus are a favourite international and local tourist attraction , partly owing to their easy access from Adnan Menderes Airport.Ephesus — HistoryNeolithic age The area surrounding Ephesus was already inhabited during the Neolithic Age ( about 6000 BC ) , as was revealed by excavations at the nearby höyük ( artificial mounds known as tells ) of Arvalya and Cukurici.Ephesus — Bronze AgeExcavations in recent years have unearthed settlements from the early Bronze Age at Ayasuluk Hill . According to Hittite sources , the capital of the Kingdom of Arzawa ( another independent state in Western and Southern Anatolia/Asia Minor ) was Apasa ( or Abasa ) . Some scholars suggest that this is the later Greek Ephesus . In 1954 , a burial ground from the Mycenaean era ( 1500 – 1400 BC ) with ceramic pots was discovered close to the ruins of the basilica of St. John . This was the period of the Mycenaean Expansion when the Achaioi ( as they were called by Homer ) settled in Asia Minor during the 14th and 13th centuries BC . Scholars believe that Ephesus was founded on the settlement of Apasa ( or Abasa ) , a Bronze Age city noted in 14th century BC Hittite sources as being under the rule of the Ahhiyawans , most probably the name of the Achaeans used in Hittite sources.Ephesus — Period of Greek migrationsEphesus was founded as an Attic-Ionian colony in the 10th century BC on the Ayasuluk Hill , three kilometers ( 1.9 miles ) from the centre of ancient Ephesus ( as attested by excavations at the Seljuk castle during the 1990s ) . The mythical founder of the city was a prince of Athens named Androklos , who had to leave his country after the death of his father , King Kadros . According to the legend , he founded Ephesus on the place where the oracle of Delphi became reality ( “ A fish and a boar will show you the way ” ) . Androklos drove away most of the native Carian and Lelegian inhabitants of the city and united his people with the remainder . He was a successful warrior , and as a king he was able to join the twelve cities of Ionia together into the Ionian League . During his reign the city began to prosper . He died in a battle against the Carians when he came to the aid of Priene , another city of the Ionian League . Androklos and his dog are depicted on the Hadrian temple frieze , dating from the 2nd century . Later , Greek historians such as Pausanias , Strabo and Herodotos and the poet Kallinos reassigned the city ’s mythological foundation to Ephos , queen of the Amazons.The Greek goddess Artemis and the great Anatolian goddess Kybele were identified together as Artemis of Ephesus . The many-breasted “ Lady of Ephesus ” , identified with Artemis , was venerated in the Temple of Artemis , one of the Seven Wonders of the World and the largest building of the ancient world according to Pausanias ( 4.31.8 ) . Pausanias mentions that the temple was built by Ephesus , son of the river god Caystrus , before the arrival of the Ionians . Of this structure , scarcely a trace remains.Ephesus — Archaic periodEphesus was attacked by the Cimmerians who razed the city , including the temple of Artemis . After the Cimmerians had been driven away , the city was ruled by a series of tyrants . Following a revolt by the people , Ephesus was ruled by a council . The city prospered again under a new rule , producing a number of important historical figures such as the elegiac poet Callinus and the iambic poet Hipponax , the philosopher Heraclitus , the great painter Parrhasius and later the grammarian Zenodotos and physicians Soranus and Rufus.About 560 BC , Ephesus was conquered by the Lydians under king Croesus , who , though a harsh ruler , treated the inhabitants with respect and even became the main contributor to the reconstruction of the temple of Artemis . His signature has been found on the base of one of the columns of the temple ( now on display in the British Museum ) . Croesus made the populations of the different settlements around Ephesus regroup ( synoikismos ) in the vicinity of the Temple of Artemis , enlarging the city.Later in the same century , the Lydians under Croesus invaded Persia . The Ionians refused a peace offer from Cyrus the Great , siding with the Lydians instead . After the Persians defeated Croesus , the Ionians offered to make peace , but Cyrus insisted that they surrender and become part of the empire . They were defeated by the Persian army commander Harpagos in 547 BC . The Persians then incorporated the Greek cities of Asia Minor into the Achaemenid Empire . Those cities were then ruled by satraps.Ephesus has intrigued archaeologists because for the Archaic Period there is no definite location for the settlement . There are numerous sites to suggest the movement of a settlement between the Bronze Age and the Roman period , but the silting up of the natural harbours as well as the movement of the Kayster River meant that the location never remained the same.Ephesus — Classical periodEphesus continued to prosper , but when taxes were raised under Cambyses II and Darius , the Ephesians participated in the Ionian Revolt against Persian rule in the Battle of Ephesus ( 498 BC ) , an event which instigated the Greco-Persian wars . In 479 BC , the Ionians , together with Athens , were able to oust the Persians from the shores of Asia Minor . In 478 BC , the Ionian cities with Athens entered into the Delian League against the Persians . Ephesus did not contribute ships but gave financial support.During the Peloponnesian War , Ephesus was first allied to Athens [ citation needed ] but in a later phase , called the Decelean War , or the Ionian War , sided with Sparta , which also had received the support of the Persians . As a result , rule over the cities of Ionia was ceded again to Persia.These wars did not greatly affect daily life in Ephesus . The Ephesians were surprisingly modern in their social relations : [ citation needed ] they allowed strangers to integrate ; education was valued ; through the cult of Artemis , the city became a bastion of women ’s rights — Ephesus even had female artists . In later times , Pliny the Elder mentioned having seen at Ephesus a representation of the goddess Diana by Timarata , the daughter of a painter.In 356 BC the temple of Artemis was burnt down , according to legend , by a lunatic called Herostratus . The inhabitants of Ephesus at once set about restoring the temple and even planned a larger and grander one than the original.Ephesus — Hellenistic periodWhen Alexander the Great defeated the Persian forces at the Battle of Granicus in 334 BC , the Greek cities of Asia Minor were liberated . The pro-Persian tyrant Syrpax and his family were stoned to death , and Alexander was greeted warmly when he entered Ephesus in triumph . When Alexander saw that the temple of Artemis was not yet finished , he proposed to finance it and have his name inscribed on the front . But the inhabitants of Ephesus demurred , claiming that it was not fitting for one god to build a temple to another . After Alexander ’s death in 323 BC , Ephesus in 290 BC came under the rule of one of Alexander ’s generals , Lysimachus.As the river Cayster ( Grk . name Κάϋστρος ) silted up the harbor , the resulting marshes caused malaria and many deaths among the inhabitants . The people of Ephesus were forced to move to a new settlement two kilometres ( 1.2 miles ) further on , when the king flooded the old city by blocking the sewers . This settlement was officially called Arsinoea ( Ancient Greek : Ἀρσινόεια or Ἀρσινοΐα ) after the king ’s second wife , Arsinoe II of Egypt . After Lysimachus had destroyed the nearby cities of Lebedos and Colophon in 292 BC , he relocated their inhabitants to the new city.Ephesus revolted after the treacherous death of Agathocles , giving the Hellenistic king of Syria and Mesopotamia Seleucus I Nicator an opportunity for removing and killing Lysimachus , his last rival , at the Battle of Corupedium in 281 BC . After the death of Lysimachus the town again was named Ephesus.Thus Ephesus became part of the Seleucid Empire . After the murder of king Antiochus II Theos and his Egyptian wife , pharaoh Ptolemy III invaded the Seleucid Empire and the Egyptian fleet swept the coast of Asia Minor . Ephesus came under Egyptian rule between 263 and 197 BC . When the Seleucid king Antiochus III the Great tried to regain the Greek cities of Asia Minor , he came into conflict with Rome . After a series of battles , he was defeated by Scipio Asiaticus at the Battle of Magnesia in 190 BC . As a result , Ephesus came under the rule of the Attalid king of Pergamon Eumenes II ( 197 – 133 BC ) . When his grandson Attalus III died without male children of his own , he left his kingdom to the Roman Republic.Ephesus — Roman periodEphesus , a territory that was traditionally Greek to the core , became a subject of the Roman Republic . The city felt the Roman influence at once . Taxes rose considerably , and the treasures of the city were systematically plundered . In 88 BC Ephesus welcomed Archelaus , a general of Mithridates the Great , king of Pontus , when he conquered Asia ( the Roman name for western Asia Minor ) . This led to the Asiatic Vespers , the slaughter of 80,000 Roman citizens in Asia , or any person who spoke with a Latin accent . Many had lived in Ephesus . But when they saw how badly the people of Chios had been treated by Zenobius , a general of Mithridates , they refused entry to his army . Zenobius was invited into the city to visit Philopoemen , the father of Monime , the favorite wife of Mithridates , and the overseer of Ephesus . As the people expected nothing good of him , they threw him into prison and murdered him . Mithridates took revenge and inflicted terrible punishments . However , the Greek cities were given freedom and several substantial rights . Ephesus became , for a short time , self-governing . When Mithridates was defeated in the First Mithridatic War by the Roman consul Lucius Cornelius Sulla , Ephesus came back under Roman rule in 86 BC . Sulla imposed a huge indemnity , along with five years of back taxes , which left Asian cities heavily in debt for a long time to come.When Augustus became emperor in 27 BC , he made Ephesus the capital of proconsular Asia ( which covered western Asia Minor ) instead of Pergamum . Ephesus then entered an era of prosperity , becoming both the seat of the governor and a major center of commerce . According to Strabo , it was second in importance and size only to Rome.Until recently the population of Ephesus in Roman times was estimated to number up to 225,000 people . More recent scholarship regards these estimates as unrealistic . Such a large estimate would require population densities only possible in modern times , or extensive settlement outside the city walls . This would have been impossible at Ephesus because of the mountain ranges , coastline and quarries which surrounded the city.The wall of Lysimachus has been estimated to enclose an area of 415 hectares ( 1,030 acres ) . Not all of this area was inhabited due to public buildings and spaces in the centre and the steep slope of the Bülbül Dağı mountain , which was enclosed by the wall . Jerome Murphy-O’Connor uses an estimate of 345 hectares ( 850 acres ) for the inhabited land . Using an average population density of 400 to 500 per hectare , he calculates that Ephesus would have had a population between 138,000 and 172,500 , with a preference for the higher figure . J. W. Hanson estimates the inhabited space to be smaller at 224 hectares ( 550 acres ) . He argues that population densities of 150 or 250 people per hectare are more realistic , which gives a range of 33,600 to 56,000 inhabitants . Even with these much lower population estimates , Ephesus was one of the largest cities of Roman Asia Minor , ranking it as the largest city after Sardis and Alexandria Troas.The city was famed for the Temple of Artemis ( Diana ) , the Library of Celsus , and a theater which was capable of holding 25,000 spectators . This open-air theatre was used initially for drama , but during later Roman times gladiatorial combats were also held on its stage ; the first archaeological evidence of a gladiator graveyard was found in May 2007 . Ephesus also had several major bath complexes , built at various times while the city was under Roman rule . The city had one of the most advanced aqueduct systems in the ancient world , with multiple aqueducts of various sizes to supply different areas of the city , including four major aqueducts . They fed a number of water mills , one of which has been identified as a sawmill for marble.The city and temple were destroyed by the Goths in 263 AD.This marked the decline of the city ’s splendour.Ephesus — Byzantine era ( 395 – 1308 ) The emperor Constantine I rebuilt much of the city and erected a new public bath . Ephesus remained the most important city of the Byzantine Empire in Asia after Constantinople in the 5th and 6th centuries.Emperor Flavius Arcadius raised the level of the street between the theatre and the harbour . The basilica of St. John was built during the reign of emperor Justinian I in the 6th century.The city was partially destroyed by an earthquake in 614 . The importance of the city as a commercial centre declined as the harbour was slowly silted up by the river ( today , Küçük Menderes ) despite repeated dredging during the city ’s history . ( Today , the harbour is 5 kilometres inland ) . The loss of its harbour caused Ephesus to lose its access to the Aegean Sea , which was important for trade . People started leaving the lowland of the city for the surrounding hills . The ruins of the temples were used as building blocks for new homes . Marble sculptures were ground to powder to make lime for plaster.Sackings by the Arabs first in the year 654 – 655 by caliph Muawiyah I , and later in 700 and 716 hastened the decline further.When the Seljuk Turks conquered Ephesus in 1090 , it was a small village . The Byzantines resumed control in 1097 and changed the name of the town to Hagios Theologos . They kept control of the region until 1308 . Crusaders passing through were surprised that there was only a small village , called Ayasalouk , where they had expected a bustling city with a large seaport . Even the temple of Artemis was completely forgotten by the local population . The Crusaders of the Second Crusade fought the Seljuks just outside the town in December 1147 . Ephesus — Turkish eraThe town surrendered , on October 24 , 1304 , to Sasa Bey , a Turkish warlord of the Menteşoğulları principality . Nevertheless , contrary to the terms of the surrender the Turks pillaged the church of Saint John and deported most of the local population to Thyrea , Greece when a revolt seemed probable . During these events many of the remaining inhabitants were massacred.Shortly afterwards , Ephesus was ceded to the Aydinid principality that stationed a powerful navy in the harbour of Ayasuluğ ( the present-day Selçuk , next to Ephesus ) . Ayasoluk became an important harbour , from which the navy organised raids to the surrounding regions.The town knew again a short period of prosperity during the 14th century under these new Seljuk rulers . They added important architectural works such as the İsa Bey Mosque , caravansaries and Turkish bathhouses ( hamam ) . Ephesians were incorporated as vassals into the Ottoman Empire for the first time in 1390 . The Central Asian warlord Tamerlane defeated the Ottomans in Anatolia in 1402 , and the Ottoman sultan Bayezid I died in captivity . The region was restored to the Anatolian beyliks . After a period of unrest , the region was again incorporated into the Ottoman Empire in 1425 . Ephesus and ChristianityEphesus was an important centre for Early Christianity from the AD 50s . From AD 52 – 54 , the apostle Paul lived in Ephesus , working with the congregation and apparently organizing missionary activity into the hinterlands . Initially , according to the Acts of the Apostles , Paul attended the Jewish synagogue in Ephesus , but after three months he became frustrated with the stubbornness or hardness of heart of some of the Jews , and moved his base to the school of Tyrannus ( Acts 19:9 ) . The Jamieson-Fausset-Brown Bible Commentary reminds readers that the unbelief of “ some ” ( Greek : τινες ) implies that “ others , probably a large number , believed ” and therefore there must have been a community of Jewish Christians in Ephesus . Paul introduced about twelve men to the ‘ baptism with the Holy Spirit ’ who had previously only experienced the baptism of John the Baptist ( Acts 19:1 – 7 ) , and later became embroiled in a dispute with some artisans whose livelihood depended on selling statuettes of Artemis ( Latin : Diana ) in the Temple of Artemis ( Acts 19:23 – 41 ) . Between 53 and 57 AD Paul wrote the letter 1 Corinthians from Ephesus ( possibly from the ‘ Paul tower ’ near the harbour , where he was imprisoned for a short time ) . Later , Paul wrote the Epistle to the Ephesians while he was in prison in Rome ( around 62 AD ) . Roman Asia was associated with John , one of the chief apostles , and the Gospel of John might have been written in Ephesus , c 90 – 100 . Ephesus was one of the seven cities addressed in the Book of Revelation ( Revelation 2:1 – 7 ) , indicating that the church at Ephesus was strong.Two decades later , the church at Ephesus was still important enough to be addressed by a letter written by Bishop Ignatius of Antioch to the Ephesians in the early 2nd century AD , that begins with , “ Ignatius , who is also called Theophorus , to the Church which is at Ephesus , in Asia , deservedly most happy , being blessed in the greatness and fullness of God the Father , and predestinated before the beginning of time , that it should be always for an enduring and unchangeable glory ” ( Letter to the Ephesians ) . The church at Ephesus had given their support for Ignatius , who was taken to Rome for execution.A legend , which was first mentioned by Epiphanius of Salamis in the 4th century AD , purported that Mary may have spent the last years of her life in Ephesus . The Ephesians derived the argument from John ’s presence in the city , and Jesus ’ instructions to John to take care of Mary after his death . Epiphanius , however , was keen to point out that , while the Bible says John was leaving for Asia , it does not say specifically that Mary went with him . He later stated that she was buried in Jerusalem . Since the 19th century , The House of the Virgin Mary , about 7 km ( 4 mi ) from Selçuk , has been considered to have been the last home of Mary , mother of Jesus in the Roman Catholic tradition , based on the visions of Sister Anne Catherine Emmerich . It is a popular place of Catholic pilgrimage which has been visited by three recent popes.The Church of Mary near the harbour of Ephesus was the setting for the Third Ecumenical Council in 431 , which resulted in the condemnation of Nestorius . A Second Council of Ephesus was held in 449 , but its controversial acts were never approved by the Catholics . It came to be called the Robber Council of Ephesus or Robber Synod of Latrocinium by its opponents.Ephesus — Main sitesEphesus contains the largest collection of Roman ruins in the eastern Mediterranean . Only an estimated 15 % has been excavated.The ruins that are visible give some idea of the city ’s original splendour , and the names associated with the ruins are evocative of its former life.The theatre dominates the view down Harbour Street , which leads to the silted-up harbour.The Library of Celsus , the façade of which has been carefully reconstructed from all original pieces , was originally built c. 125 AD in memory of Tiberius Julius Celsus Polemaeanus , an Ancient Greek who served as governor of Roman Asia ( 105 – 107 ) in the Roman Empire . Celsus paid for the construction of the library with his own personal wealth and is buried in a sarcophagus beneath it . The library was mostly built by his son Gaius Julius Aquila and once held nearly 12,000 scrolls . Designed with an exaggerated entrance — so as to enhance its perceived size , speculate many historians — the building faces east so that the reading rooms could make best use of the morning light.Come , Visit &amp; Discover Ephesus , Turkey and get a feel for what life was like in Roman TimesEphesus Tour Map 2017 — Come , Visit and Discover Ephesus , TurkeyA part of the site , Basilica of St. John , was built in the 6th century AD , under emperor Justinian I , over the supposed site of the apostle ’s tomb . It is now surrounded by Selçuk.The Temple of Artemis , one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World , is represented only by one inconspicuous column , revealed during an archaeological excavation by the British Museum in the 1870s . Some fragments of the frieze ( which are insufficient to suggest the form of the original ) and other small finds were removed — some to London and some to the Archaeological Museum , Istanbul.The Odeon was a small roofed theater constructed by Vedius Antonius and his wife around 150 AD . It was a small salon for plays and concerts , seating about 1,500 people . There were 22 stairs in the theatre . The upper part of the theatre was decorated with red granite pillars in the Corinthian style . The entrances were at both sides of the stage and reached by a few steps.The Temple of Hadrian dates from the 2nd century but underwent repairs in the 4th century and has been reerected from the surviving architectural fragments . The reliefs in the upper sections are casts , the originals now being exhibited in the Ephesus Archaeological Museum . A number of figures are depicted in the reliefs , including the emperor Theodosius I with his wife and eldest son . The temple was depicted on the reverse of the Turkish 20 million lira banknote of 2001 – 2005 and of the 20 new lira banknote of 2005 – 2009 . The Temple of the Sebastoi ( sometimes called the Temple of Domitian ) , dedicated to the Flavian dynasty , was one of the largest temples in the city . It was erected on a pseudodipteral plan with 8 × 13 columns . The temple and its statue are some of the few remains connected with Domitian.At an estimated 24,000 seating capacity , the ‘ Theatre ’ is believed to be the largest outdoor theatre in the ancient world.The Tomb/Fountain of Pollio was erected in 97 AD in honour of C. Sextilius Pollio , who constructed the Marnas aqueduct , by Offilius Proculus . It has a concave façade.There were two agoras , one for commercial and one for state business.Ephesus — Seven sleepersEphesus is believed to be the city of the Seven Sleepers . The story of the Seven Sleepers , who are considered saints by Catholics and Orthodox Christians and whose story is also mentioned in the Qur ’ an , tells that they were persecuted because of their belief in God and that they slept in a cave near Ephesus for centuries.Ephesus — ArchaeologyThe history of archaeological research in Ephesus stretches back to 1863 , when British architect John Turtle Wood , sponsored by the British Museum , began to search for the Artemision . In 1869 he discovered the pavement of the temple , but since further expected discoveries were not made the excavations stopped in 1874 . In 1895 German archaeologist Otto Benndorf , financed by a 10,000 guilder donation made by Austrian Karl Mautner Ritter von Markhof , resumed excavations . In 1898 Benndorf founded the Austrian Archaeological Institute , which plays a leading role in Ephesus today . Finds from the site are exhibited notably in the Ephesos Museum in Vienna , the Ephesus Archaeological Museum in Selçuk and in the British Museum.Ephesus — Notable personsHeraclitus Presocratic philosopher Zeuxis ( 5th century BC ) painterParrhasius ( 5th century BC ) painter Agasias ( 2nd century BC ) Greek sculptorsTiberius Julius Celsus Polemaeanus ( ca . 45 — before ca . 120 ) founder of the Celsus libraryManuel Philes ( c. 1275 – 1345 ) Byzantine poetCome Visit and Discover the ancient City of EphesusDaily Ephesus Tours from Selcuk , Kusadasi , Izmir or Istanbul.No Frills Ephesus Tours rated excellent on Tripadvisor and Top Choice on Lonely Planet 2017Temple of Artemis — Selcuk , Ephesus , Turkey	Ancient City of Ephesus — Selcuk , Ephesus , Turkey — Come , Visit and Discover Ephesus
By Alina ManaigAttending the plenary session of the recently-concluded event “ WOMEN NEXT : Accelerating Tomorrow to NOW ! ” last November 28 , 2017 at the Grand Ballroom of the Marriott Hotel was an inspiring experience . Hearing great words of wisdom from the three speakers — namely Ms. Rose Montenegro , President and CEO of Makati Medical Center ; Ms. Tessie Sy-Coson , Vice Chair of SM Investments Corporation ( SMIC ) ; and Ms. Clarissa Delgado , philanthropist , co-founder and CEO of Teach for the Philippines ( TFP ) — was a great joy as they walked the audience through their respective journeys on how they got to where they are now and more importantly , how they dealt with failures.Tessie Coson admitted to having a short-term memory regarding her failures ; thus , it was easy for her to take it out of her mind and move on . But she stressed that we should always treat failure as part of our education.Rose Montenegro , on the other hand , started out as a secretary and was later on promoted to a position in operational management in Ford Philippines . She confessed that the first six months in her new role was horrible . But Rose kept an open mind and studied . Luck played a significant part in her success as well . “ Find humor in everything you do , ” Rose said . This statement struck me the most . She goes with the flow , saying that challenges and failures are all part of one ’s life . When faced with them , she “ listens to herself and looks at tomorrow as another day ” . Clarissa Delgado , the youngest in the panel , had her own significant encounter with failure as well . It actually took her 2 to 3 years to get off the ground — working 7 days a week , 16 to 18 hours a day . Her biggest hits were payroll and attrition ( imagine a 90 % attrition rate ! ) . To ensure that she would survive all these , Clarissa got herself a mentor . She built herself atop the shoulders of giants and learned from them.Three great minds with three different experiences , all saying the same thing . Here are my thoughts on three strategies on facing failure : 1 . Take stock , learn and adapt .2 . Stop dwelling on it .3 . Listen to those who have undergone similar experiences , and what they have learned from it.Please visit and join the John Clements Talent Community.About the author : Alina is currently Assistant Vice President and Business Unit Head of the Recruitment Process Outsourcing Services for John Clements Consultants Professional Staffers Division . She has 25 years of professional experience in executive management consultancy , talent search and recruitment operations , sales and marketing . Within this professional period , her 16 years of executive work with John Clements has given her the opportunity to work with the top 500 corporations and conglomerates across several industries in the Philippines and in Asia . A graduate of BS Economics from University of Santo Tomas , Alina is married with three lovely children .	How Women Leaders Deal with Failure
By BlockApps CTO | Jim HormuzdiarThe Ethereum public net works well , so why would anyone consider creating smaller private nets?At BlockApps , our vision is “ to restore to digital transactions the reliability and efficiency of face-to-face interactions through secure and connected information ” . We want to bring you back to the day where you could spend a dollar out of pocket without the need to bring in banks , lawyers , and whole governments into that transaction . Blockchains are part of the solution , but in some ways make the problem worse.Blockchains remove central authorities in a way similar to the old leprechaun story : “ a young farmer captures a Leprechaun and forces him to hand over his gold . The Leprechaun says that the gold is hidden beneath a tree in the woods and shows him which one it is . The farmer ties his red scarf around the tree and after making the Leprechaun promise not to remove the scarf he heads to his farm to get a shovel . But when the farmer returns he finds that the Leprechaun has tied a red scarf around every tree in the woods . ” Similarly , blockchains do n’t eradicate a single central authority , but they convert * everyone in the world * into a potential authority . This improves trust and is nearly impossible to scam , however , it hurts scalability and anonymity . Old fashioned face-to-face transactions were scalable and anonymous , so it ’s no surprise that customers ask us for private chains.The ideal private chain would act like self auditing cash . Let me be upfront , the “ ideal private chain ” * does not * yet exist . Practical partial solutions do exist.The “ ideal private chain ” would have the following characteristics : Scalability/Full Decentralization : If Alice and Bob exchange a dollar , bits would only flow on Alice and Bob ’s computers , nowhere else.Privacy : If Alice pays Bob a dollar , Carol has no idea this happened.Solves the Double Spend Problem ( across mutually private chains ) : This is hard to resolve with points 1 and 2 ! A private chain can lock funds on a global public chain , preventing spending in other private chains ( this works at the expense of some privacy and performance . It also forces you to overcommit ahead of the transaction ) . The old pre-Internet banking system solved this problem in a very different way … . It allowed some double spending ( bounced checks ) in exchange for a fee ( fines ) . Since the counterparties in a private chain typically know each other , this can be a viable option in some use cases . ( I ’ve never seen anyone propose this , however ) . Allows Smart Contracts : Alice and Bob can deploy Ethereum style programmable contracts on their personal 2 node chain.Orders Transactions Fairly : If Alice and Bob deploy an auction contract , we can trust that there is no bias in the selection of the ordering of transactions.Auditable : Although the data in a private chain is private , we will need to be able to prove certain results to the outside world ( ie - final balances ) . Limited Visibility : Auditors need to view a summary column , but should n’t see all the other data . Alice should be able to pay Bob funds without seeing Carol ’s balance . ( this sounds like magic , but is all possible using stateroots and limiting who can see the various transactions ) . So , how do some of today ’s solutions compare?Sidechains was an early proposal to break one chain into smaller ones . Mostly , the sidechains paper is a rigorous take on how to securely lock funds on one chain ( well , Bitcoin in particular ) and move the value to a newer , smaller chain . It is agnostic on the makeup of this smaller chain , but assumes that once the chain is done doing whatever it does , it will unlock the funds on the original chain , allocating ownership properly.As such , sidechains mostly describe a tool that can be used in any other solution.Attempts to use sidechains brought up some problems . For instance , small , new chains might not have the mining power to be secure . Plus , why do you even want to move funds from a secure blockchain ( Bitcoin ) to an untested one ? Does the newly mined coin on the sidechain hold value , given that it is going to be potentially lost when the chain is dropped ? If so , why do we need to move the original funds at all?Sidechains taught some lessons , like “ do n’t use traditional mining on in a small temporary chain ” ( perhaps something voting based like variants of proof-of-stake or PBFT will work ) , and “ transferring funds from a stable chain to an unstable one can be a bad idea ” ( although as collateral against double spending , it can be fine ) . How does sidechains fare on the points above?Scalability : Quite good , except for a small locking footprint on the mainchain.Privacy : N/A , since nothing is specified about the rules of the sidechain ( maybe good , maybe bad ) Double Spend Problem : Since funds are globally locked , the double spend problem is solved.Allows Smart Contracts : N/AOrders Transactions Fairly : On paper this is solved , but in reality not enough mining power can be obtained quickly enough on a sidechain to make this really work.Auditable : N/ALimited Visibility : N/AHyperledger Fabric is a well thought out modular system that allows groups to build up a comprehensive blockchain solution . Fabric is its first implementation , but it cut some corners to get things up and running ( ie - it is mostly a wrapper around Kafka , and is missing some components that would really qualify it to be called a blockchain ) . Multiple chains can be obtained by creating multiple ledgers , but fabric has no native coin , contracts are not metered ( in the same way that Ethereum meters gas ) , and consensus is owned by a central authority . ( Note - some literature claims Fabric uses PBFT , but this video ( from May 23 , 2017 ) and this stackoverflow response both claim that it does n’t yet exist ) Scalability : Very scalable , but only because as far as I can tell Fabric ignores all the problems that would make this hard ( consensus , funds locking , etc ) . Basically multiple ledgers are just different instances of fabric that do n’t communicate . ( “ no ledger data can pass from one channel to another ” . ) Privacy : Very secure , all the traffic is encrypted and permissioned , using industry standards.Double Spend Problem : N/A , Fabric does n’t have a native coin . You need to program your own coin in a contract.Allows Smart Contracts : Yes , but smart contract just means “ a program ” ( usually written in go ) . ( this is referenced in many places , but this issue proves to me that there is no “ gas ” in Fabric ) Orders Transactions Fairly : No , consensus is owned by a central authority.Auditable : An auditor can read all the data and transactions in the database , but you need to trust that the database has n’t been tampered with.Limited Visibility : No … . this video claims that there is a roadmap item to share the ledger state without sharing transactions , but no work has been done ( I would suggest they use a stateroot ) . Quorum takes a compromise approach . Virtual private chains exist , but are ordered by the main chain ( this is a bit like merge mining , but happens at the transaction level ) . For privacy and performance , only hashes of private transactions appear on the main chain ( each user in a private chain needs to run their own private transactions in the order determined by the main chain ) . Block consensus is great ( if you trust the public chain ) . Scalability is better than one public chain , not as good as fully independent chains.Despite the closeness of Quorum public and private chains , there is no sharing of tokens or any other data between the two ( adding this would be easy , as the chains are already synced ) . Unfortunately , despite the fact that private chains can have their own stateroots , there is no verification between parties that these stateroots remain synced . In fact , stateroots are actually not chain based , but peer based , which in rare circumstances could lead to chain inconsistencies ( this will probably be fixed soon ) . Scalability : Medium - private transactions are kept off the main chain , but hashes are stored on it.Privacy : Good ( private transactions are encrypted and sent using a separate service ) . Double Spend Problem : Between chains , this is not solved . Value is never moved from chain to chain , and value in the chains is hidden ( It would n’t be that hard to add this though ) Allows Smart Contracts : Yes , all chains use a full EVMOrders Transactions Fairly : Yes , as long as the main chain has enough mining power . Private chains use the main chain for mining ( at a small expense for scalability ) . Auditable : Yes/No ( it ’s complicated , there is a stateroot , but it is n’t verified ) . Since all the transaction hashes are stored on the main chain , you can always forgo some privacy and hand the full history transaction to an auditor.Limited Visibility : No , but could be added if the stateroot verification problem were solved.State channels are a bit like a Starbucks card . You lock up some coins on the public chain ( ie - purchase a $ 20 Starbucks card ) , then quickly spend offchain in small increments until the coins are used up . Some clever blockchainin ’ at the end guarantees funds distributed accordingly . So , many small transactions convert into two public chain transactions ( one to lock , one to unlock ) . You can also glue together two one-way state channels to create a two-way state channel.State channels are only useful for payments between a fixed set of users ( typically two ) . If you happen to know that you and a buddy are going to exchange a lot of tokens in a short period , they can improve performance . For just one or two transactions , however , there is no advantage , just a bit of overhead.Scalability : Quite good ( most of the work is off-chain ) , but not perfect ( you still need to lock up funds on the mainchain ) Privacy : Potentially perfect privacy ( depending on how the transactions are sent ) , other than the public locking and final transfer on the main chainDouble Spend Problem : Perfect ( funds are publicly locked on the main chain , so other private chains know not to use the same funds ) Allows Smart Contracts : No , just used for paymentOrders Transactions Fairly : No , you could never run a fair auction on a state channel.Auditable : Yes , counterparties can provide the newest signed transactions and balances ( the other peer can offer a newer transaction if the first peer is lying ) . More importantly , the system wo n’t allow resolution with the mainchain in a false state ( unless one of the peers goes offline during the resolution period ) Limited Visibility : N/A - There is only one number to audit … . The account transfer balance ( between the two chosen peers ) The lightning network is the next evolutionary step of the state channel concept . The Lightning network sets up a set of state channels between a handful of users , then manages multiple hop transactions across these channels in ways that let all parties send value to all other parties . The end result is a system with similar performance to state channels , but with many fewer state channels needed.Scalability : Similar but better than a single state channel.Privacy : Poor , since your payment might go through any other user.Double Spend Problem : Perfect , funds are locked on the mainchain.Allows Smart Contracts : No , the Lightning Network is for payments only.Orders Transactions Fairly : No , you could never run a fair auction on a state channelAuditable : Yes , although the token trail is more complicated than a single state channel . In certain circumstances it might become intractable , although the final balances are provably trustable . As with a single state channel , it is almost impossible for the main chain to be brought to a false state.Limited Visibility : N/A - There is only one number ( per account ) to audit … . The account balance.Plasma is ambitious , but still in the research stage and yet to be fully implemented . If built , it could be very impressive.The plasma architecture would be a multi-chain solution for smart contracts . It is well thought out , avoiding the pitfalls of previous projects ( like sidechains ) , while offering some of the advantages of successful projects ( like the Lightning Network ) . It is a huge project with many sub parts that could be build up piecewise.Plasma arranges multiple chains into a tree like fashion . Locking and bonding happen on parent chains in a way that allows the transfer of real value in the children blockchains , while simultaneously keeping child chains honest.Scalability : Similar to sidechains or lightning … . Tokens on the main chain are locked , then the rest of the work happens outside of the main chain . Byzantine actors can force private chain transactions to run on the main chain , although game theoretic considerations imply this should never happen.Privacy : Good , but there is potential trouble . Work generally happens on the smaller chains , which implementers may choose to keep private , but Byzantine behavior can push work up to a parent , forcing a breach in privacy.Double Spend Problem : Perfect . Tokens can be locked on the main chain to prevent chain-wise double spending.Allows Smart Contracts : Definitely , definitionally ! Plasma is an attempt to bring multi-chain best practices to smart contracts.Orders Transactions Fairly : Questionable , depending on the circumstances . The paper mentions using proof-of-stake for consensus , which is probably a wise move , given the flakiness of proof-of-work in small temporary blockchains … . However , in small ( 2 – 10 ) peer chains , it is likely that one participant will dominate . In really small ( 2 – 3 ) peer chains , participants will always order transactions to their liking . It does n’t seem possible to me that any type of auction contract could work on a small chain.Auditable : Yes , if implemented , plasma will include a map-reduce like tool that can query data across chains … . Limited Visibility : The map-reduce tool could certainly be implemented to selectively show or hide information , however , remember , if work is moved up to a parent chain , it will be made public anyway … . Final NoteI have doubts that ordering fairness is even possible in a small private chain ( i.e no fair digital auction can occur solely between two peers in a private network without some external source of randomness ) . As far as I can tell , no product has solved this problem ( without using the main chain for ordering , like Quorum does ) , and I am not completely sure if this is possible at all .	Multichains and Privacy : Where Are the Solutions ?
Just not too long ago , Hurricane Ike barreled across the largest city in Texas , developing electrical shortages for two .1 million residents of Houston , destroying millions of dollars in properties and claiming a minimum of 13 lives . Amidst the flotsam and jetsam of debris from flooded and water harm Houston , TX residences , one particular would remark in the devastating energy of Mother Nature as she unleashes her fury.The following are some standard suggestions that home owners can follow to decrease or avert the extent of water damage Houston , TX style.Tip # 1 : Recall to check your insurance coverage policy and know what are integrated within your coverage , also as limitations and exclusions . With a continually active occurrence of storms and water damage in Houston , TX as well as other parts of this state , it will be smart to maintain your insurance coverage coverage in verify.Tip # 2 : Backup or make copies of all your essential documents , facts and memorabilia and hold them all inside a security deposit box . You are able to also use an easy to retrieve container which you are able to readily pull-out really should the need arises for you personally to evacuate your properties.Tip # 3 : Do n’t underestimate flood and storm warnings . Susceptible to water harm Houston , TX residents ought to heed these warning and act right away ahead of its as well late . You can find many bulletins and announcements whenever a storm is brewing as well as a major possibility for water damage to Houston , TX . It could be sensible for residents to monitor these warnings , and be ready for the advent of feasible evacuation . If the call for evacuation has been released , homeowners ought to instantly make a decision and transfer to a safer place.Tip # 4 : When the threat of flooding is evident , or if there ’s a large possibility for water harm , Houston , TX residents must be sensible adequate to transfer worthwhile furnishings and electrical appliances to a larger place in their properties . You will get a better protection from flood at these higher levels , unless the property has been totally submerged in floodwaters . If movement or transfer of furniture and appliances will not be feasible , try and elevate these things by putting blocks or wood higher enough to elevate the items to at least one particular foot.Tip # 5 : Basements will be the most susceptible to flooding as a consequence of its sub-level location . Eliminate as substantially important things from the basement as you possibly can for the duration of eminent flooding . It would also be wise to cut-off electricity in the basement and also other sub-level rooms . Take away organic supplies in the basement . These involve paper , books , carpets , rugs , and other items created from organic material . Molds and mildew thrive in organic materials , specifically if these have been exposed to prolonged get in touch with with water or moisture.Tip # 6 : Need to disaster take place and there ’s an onslaught of restoration houston , Houston , TX residents must act quickly and perform remediation . They are able to execute this on their very own , or improved yet , hire the solutions of an expert restoration business . You will discover a number of trustworthy and competent providers handling water harm in Houston , TX . Uncover one particular that may be a registered member of the IICRC ( Institute of Inspection , Cleaning and Restoration Certification ) . In parallel , the enterprise ought to also be compatible with your insurance coverage billing , so it would be sensible to inquire with regards to payment options first before finalizing their services .	Defending Your home From Water Harm in Houston , TX
Carbon tax was proposed by the Singapore Government on 20 Feb 2017 ( https://goo.gl/u29FDP ) to incentivize companies to run operations more efficiently by penalizing companies producing excessive CO2 . Following the public consultation ( https://goo.gl/e7VfH2 ) , the draft bill was published on REACH ( https://goo.gl/zyK4Qx0 ) on 30 October 2017 . There are speculations on the implementation mechanism of carbon tax even after the bill was released . Needless to say , it is a 71 pages document which I believe not many will read , and it is in this article that I offer my professional opinion to summary the document . Note the draft bill may still undergo major changes in the following months . Also note that while I use GHG and CO2 interchangeable , the net effect remains identical.The following information consists of my professional opinion on the interpretation of the bill . It does not represent the position of government or Senoko Energy.The key element of the carbon pricing bill is the mechanism of carbon tax . According to the bill , the taxable amount will be calculated based on the following formula : Carbon tax = ( A-B ) * C * D , whereA = total amount of GHG generated , B = non-taxable GHG , C = global warming potential , D = carbon tax rate . The confusion would lie in B — non-taxable GHG . One example is the fire extinguisher , where the emission of CO2 will not be subjected to taxation.This essentially sums up the carbon tax bill . Which leads to the following conclusions ( as of now ) : ( 1 ) Carbon Pricing Bill is a taxation mechanismThe proposed formula in the carbon pricing bill stipulates the calculation mechanism towards the taxable amount by carbon emitters . In Singapore , the major carbon emission would come from power generators , manufacturing factories , oil refinery sector , and process industries . They would taxed on the measured CO2 emission . ( 2 ) Carbon pricing will increase your electricity billAs ( 1 ) illustrated , the increase in operational cost will be passed down to the consumer . In the Singapore National Electricity Market , it is natural that the CO2 emission associated with the combustion of natural gas is passed down to the wholesale electricity market , and to be priced in by the electricity retailer.Solar electricity generation is not affected by this bill . However , supposed the solar panels is manufactured in Singapore , where the CO2 emission associated with the manufacturing of the solar panel is priced in , the solar panel price would increase as well . Besides , solar electricity as intermittent generation was not spared from additional charges — intermittent generation charges , this is a separate discussion . ( https://goo.gl/M13Kvn ) . ( 3 ) Goods manufactured in Singapore could be more expensive.Manufacturing / refinery in Singapore consumes a significant amount of energy for daily operation . Depending on the cost weightage of electricity and carbon emission , the impact across the sector varies . ( 4 ) Lack of Clean Development MechanismThe clean development mechanism was established as part of the Kyoto protocol to promote energy efficiency , by utilizing the carbon credits collected by other companies ( in the form of payment ) to subsidize energy efficiency projects . It acts as a form of financial instruments to finance energy efficient projects , such as waste heat recovery ( was my project ) , solar installation , replacement of chiller units . Current carbon bill does not consider transfer of credits by means of energy efficient initiatives . ( 5 ) Unaccounted for Renewable EnergyIn addition to the point above , renewable energy does not play a significant role . From a generation standpoint , it would not make good case to invest in large scale solar farm in the interest of carbon credits . It does reduce the carbon tax , but not to the level where it would make solar financially bankable . Nevertheless , it ’s still important to invest in renewable energy.I ’ll write about the impact to the companies and what they could do on a separate article . If you would like to reach out to me , feel free to PM me on Linkedin .	Understanding Carbon Tax in Singapore
At what point did your guests decide that having an HD television in their hotel room was no longer enough to fulfil their needs ? Now , they want to control the in-room heating , message the hotel staff , see the restaurant menu and order room service from their smartphone . Internet and technology made consumer ’s expectations grow . According to Oracle Hospitality , 64 % of U.S hotel guests said that it is “ very or extremely important ” for hotels to continue investing in technology to enhance the guest experience . Innovations allow hotel operators to stand out from the competition , satisfy guest expectations and attract new ones.Each new technological development and scientific advancement is making the world we live in growing increasingly smaller and smaller . Technology , whether we like it or not has changed our world — indeed , it has revolutionized the way we plan our vacations . There can only be a few areas that have been transformed by technology quite the same way as travel . In the last 20 years , we have seen technology impacting the travel industry more than it has in the former 100 years . No one can imagine travelling without access to Google Maps , Flight Booking Platforms or Review Blogs . Technology made it much more affordable and comfortable — we have access to virtually anything at our fingertips.The hospitality industry is a dynamic environment in an everlasting state of movement and progression . To be successful , in today ’s landscape , one must be open to using a wide variety of tech-disruptive tools to ensure satisfaction and approval in both leisure and business travellers . With the help of technology , the travel and hospitality industry reached more people than ever before and as a result , travellers are younger , better informed and more tech-savvy . It also made the two industries to not only step into the 21st century but to embrace it unreservedly . This post will focus on 5 current tech tendencies which are shaping the hospitality industry : 1 . Social media and review websitesSocial media has drastically changed the relationship between guests and hoteliers . There , guest and prospect guests can share experiences with one-another and exchange information about several aspects of the hotel such as : room rates or amenities . Furthermore , social media allows visitors to rate the hotel and post reviews online . Whenever people think of going away to a certain place , the first thing they do is to read the reviews about it . They can be considered really convenient and play a huge role for people to decide where to stay , what restaurants to go , places to visit , transportation and attractions . It might seem like reviews are only important for travellers but that is not true , they have created a competitive market for hotels — they raised the standards of travel . “ … social media allows visitors to rate the hotel and post reviews online … ” Hotels ought to work even harder to exceed expectations and resolve service problems as they occur . The threat of a bad social media review became a highly powerful tool for the visitor .2 . Virtual RealityAt the moment , VR is one of the hottest buzzwords in the hospitality industry . The increasing accessibility of virtual reality creates new marketing and branding opportunities for hotels . It creates the possibility of offering cutting-edge ways to engage with the modern customer . VR became a replacement of the traditional brochures , hotels can offer more immersive experiences like 360º videos or VR presentations which provide a more personalised tour of the hotel . In short , VR helps leaving little to the imagination — in this particular case that is a good thing ! Several hotel chains like Best Western or Carlson Reizdor are currently using VR as a marketing tool .3 . Robots “ … robots help staff to be more present by reducing time-consuming tasks … ” A robot as a hotel concierge ? Well , it is already happening ! Robots are becoming common helpers in the hospitality industry — appearing in hotels and restaurants around the world . They are really popular with the hotel staff — using “ cyber associates ” allows them to have more facetime with customers . Robots help staff to be more present for the guests by reducing several time-consuming tasks . Many agree and believe that they are a great addition to the industry .4 . ChatbotsThe latest “ in thing ” in hotel technology are chatbots . A chatbot is a service that allows you to interact with either a person or artificial intelligence via a chat interface . Since users are now spending a considerable time on messaging apps , chatbots have a huge potential in the hotel industry . According to the Oracle Hospitality report , 35 % of guest said they would like the ability to schedule room cleaning and 26 % said they would like to receive a smartphone notification to show if their room was being cleaned — a chatbot could easily fulfil these desires . “ … users are now spending a considerable time on messaging apps , chatbots have a huge potential in the hotel industry … ” Meet HiJiffy : a chatbot that connects guest with hotel ’s staff through Facebook Messenger . Guests can book a room , access hotel services , be informed of daily events taking place in the building or seek advice to sightsee the city by texting the hotel ’s Facebook page .5 . NFC TechnologyWondering what is NFC ? It is a process of wireless data transfer that senses and then enables technology nearby to communicate without the need for an internet connection . Even though this technology is still new , NFC has proven its capabilities to improve the ways in which consumers make transactions , exchange content or connect to other devices . This technology is ideal for self-check-in or as a smart room key . Besides payments and check-ins , NFC can also be used to personalise a guest ’s experience at a hotel or track loyalty points.NB : This is a viewpoint by Mariana Marques from HiJiffy . HiJiffy brings chat to the hospitality industry , enabling guests to effectively connect with Hotels through instant messaging apps . “ … robots help staff to be more present by reducing time-consuming tasks … ”	5 tech trends revolutionising the hospitality industry
December is a month not usually associated with demons , ghouls and goblins . In Austria , however , thousands of people gathered to watch more than 100 spooky figures ward off evil winter spirits.Around 4,000 people watched the performers , wearing traditional costumes of the Perchten and Krampus spirits , prance around the streets of the capital with bells and whips for the ' Run of the Perchten ' ( ' Perchtenlauf ' ) on Sunday . “ We are living our traditions here . We are not bad people , we are banishing evil spirits , we are Perchten , ” performer Patrick Hubin said . “ That is an old tradition . It comes from the old alpine valleys . It is done to get rid of the bad winter-ghosts , ” said fellow performer , Gerhard Mayrhofer . “ On the other hand , it is also done to spread luck and fertility . It is said that , if a Percht is fondling with his tail over the shoulder of a female , it is bringing happiness and fertility . ” Traditionally , both the Krampus and the Perchten wear wooden masks and furs . However Perchten tend to carry a bell which they use to scare away spirits and are thus considered to bring good fortune to a house . Krampus , on the other hand , are evil themselves and punish people who have acted badly , using rods or whips . The Krampus and Perchten folklore dates back to pagan times and is still exercised all over Austria and parts of southern Germany , but in recent years the festival has been criticised , as it has , at times , turned violent , with a number of female spectators being attacked . Speaking about the violence , Mayrhofer said : “ Unfortunately in the last few years it has happened – similarly to other events , like football – that there were bad guys and that there were violent attacks . But that happens very rarely , and unfortunately it is given great media attention . ”	Demons banished from Vienna during creepy festival ( VIDEO )
DONALD Trump blasts Elton John music so loudly on his planes his staff " ca n't hear themselves think " according to a new book . The president is a huge fan of the British singer , and has even taken to using one of his song titles , Rocket Man , as his nickname for Kim Jong-un . Trump 's love of the Candle in the Wind singer is laid bare in a new book by two former senior aides . Unfortunately for the US leader the feeling is not mutual between him and Elton John , with the singer being one of many entertainers to distance themselves from him during his race for the White House . Let Trump Be Trump , by Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie , reveals all about The Donald , his temper and even his love of junk food . The Donald turns out to be a big fan of McDonald 's with the writers revealing : “ On Trump Force One there were four major food groups : McDonald ’s , Kentucky Fried Chicken , pizza and Diet Coke . ” His preferred meal is reportedly “ two Big Macs , two Fillet-O-Fish , and a chocolate malted shake " which , assuming he had a side of fries as well has a calorie count of 2,230 . PA : Press AssociationThe book also reveals something of Trump 's volcanic temper with Lewandowski and Bossie saying there were times during the campaign " they wanted to parachute off Trump Force One " . In the tome , set to be released tomorrow , they write : " Sooner or later , everybody who works for Donald Trump will see a side of him that makes you wonder why you took a job with him in the first place . " His wrath is never intended as any personal offence , but sometimes it can be hard not to take it that way . " The mode that he switches into when things are n’t going his way can feel like an all-out assault ; it 'd break most hardened men and women into little pieces . " We pay for your stories ! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team ? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too . Click here to upload yours .	Donald Trump blasts Elton John music so loudly on board his plane that his staff ‘ ca n’t hear themselves think ’
By Gabriela Baczynska and Alastair Macdonald BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - British negotiators were locked in last-minute talks with their European Union and Irish counterparts on Monday , trying to put together a Brexit deal that Prime Minister Theresa May might agree over lunch in Brussels . London has broadly agreed to many of the EU 's divorce terms , including paying out something like 50 billion euros . But the issues of the rights of expatriate citizens and the UK-EU border on the island of Ireland remain fraught , diplomats said . Brussels officials and diplomats sound moderately confident of a deal . But they caution that much will depend on the outcome of May 's talks as to whether the EU will agree that sufficient progress has been made on the divorce issues to let them agree at a summit next week to open talks on a future trade deal . Elmar Brok , a member of the European Parliament who met European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and his Brexit negotiator , Michel Barnier , shortly before they were to meet May at 1:15 p.m. ( 1215 GMT ) , said " just a few words " separated the sides and that there was a " very good chance " of agreement . In London , May 's spokesman said : " Progress is being made . There 's more still to agree upon . " Irish state broadcaster RTE said that a draft text would commit Britain to " continued regulatory alignment " with the EU to avoid divergence on the two sides of the Irish border . In a sign of events moving fast , the man who will chair the crunch summit next week , European Council President Donald Tusk , canceled a trip to Jerusalem and Ramallah and hastily scheduled his own meeting with May for later on Monday . EU officials said Tusk scrapped his travel plans due to a " critical moment " in Brexit negotiations . He was standing by to discuss with EU leaders the preparations for trade talks . National envoys handling Brexit were also summoned urgently to a meeting in Brussels later on Monday , diplomats said . Dublin , backed by the rest of the EU , is seeking strong assurances that London will commit to keeping business regulations in Northern Ireland the same as in the EU , to avoid a " hard border " that could disrupt peace on the island . " Hopefully , we 'll find a way forward today , " Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney told state broadcaster RTE ahead of a cabinet meeting to discuss the issue before May 's talks . Coveney said the talks are in a " sensitive place " , with the British and Irish governments discussing possible texts of an agreement . Britain is seeking to keep its options open , having rejected a commitment to leave Northern Ireland in a customs union with the EU or to keep the whole United Kingdom in one . May depends in parliament on a pro-British party in Northern Ireland that rejects any deal which would divide the province from the British mainland . Ireland and the EU say maintaining a customs union is the best way to avoid " regulatory divergence " . Juncker and Barnier met the European Parliament 's Brexit team to brief them on progress . The legislature , which must approve any withdrawal treaty if a disruptive Brexit is to be avoided in March 2019 , has demanded that EU courts have the final say in guaranteeing rights for 3 million EU citizens in Britain . Britain insists that it will no longer accept the supervision of the European Court of Justice . Guy Verhofstadt , the Parliament 's Brexit coordinator , said after meeting Barnier and Juncker that he was still pressing for the rights of expatriates to be respected . CLOCK TICKING Nadine Dorries , a member of Britain 's ruling Conservative Party who supports Brexit , said May should tell EU officials time is running out to move talks on to the next phase . The EU has had " enough time now to decide whether or not they are going to discuss trade with us , they need to get on with it and if they do n't get on with it , the closer we get to walking away with no deal " , she said . May portrays Monday 's meeting as part of preparations for an EU summit on Dec. 15 - though the EU says no negotiations will be conducted at the summit itself , so Monday is the last chance for her to make offers . A British spokesman said : " With plenty of discussions still to go , Monday will be an important staging post on the road to the crucial December Council . " Since Britain 's referendum on leaving the EU in 2016 , high-profile opponents of Brexit have suggested Britain could change its mind and avoid what they say will be a disaster for its economy . Half of Britons support a second vote on whether to leave the EU , according to an opinion poll published on Sunday . With the clock ticking down to the March 2019 exit date , May is under pressure to start talks on its future trade ties by the end of the year to remove the cloud of uncertainty for companies that do business in the EU . More than 30 pro-Brexit supporters , including members of parliament and former Conservative ministers , have signed a letter calling on May to walk away from talks unless key conditions are met . They include an end to free movement of people from the EU into Britain and for the European Court of Justice to have no further role in British legal matters after March 2019 .	Last-minute wrangling as May heads for Brussels Brexit lunch
itnig ’s new office : Party &amp; Work with usLast Friday we celebrated the opening of our new office space on the third floor of Alaba 61 with friends and family . With the music and atmosphere by Technoborn and a drink &amp; food sponsoring by iKoula we were ready to go ! 162 people made their way to our office and partied the night away ! Here you ’ll see some impressions and short fragments of the stories of our guests ( in Spanish ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pb_Q-jIayfAIn this podcast # 18 we present a crowd-sourced podcast to you , asking our guests what they do , how they got there and what they associate with itnig.What is itnig for you ? A cultivating space for new idea to take form , friends , Avantguard , a company in which you can grow , learn &amp; have fun and even a mix of knowledge and good practices that push you to find a good solution and accompanies you.What is itnig for you and how can you contribute to our startups?Join us : itnig.net/jobsWe will talk with Eloi &amp; Arol from Codeworks about whether their 3 months intensive coding bootcamp can be an alternatives to universities . if you want to become a developer a university course might be too engineering focused — can a bootcamp be a solution?Eliza is spending her day focussed on logistics , transporting online orders not yet with drones . Oriol Blanc is interrogated by Bernat on the relationship of him being in a company and the police stopping by to check if everything is in order . He also tells us a bit more about his past venture Gossip , a social app that grew and was dropped very quickly . Next up , Jaume Freixa from iKoula , a sponsor for the night , a company for cloud hosting dedicated to small and medium businesses . Jaume used to work with us many years ago and now comes back with an interesting solution to startups like ours.Victor Martinez , another ex Camalooner , is confronted with the topic of our last podcast talking about recruitment . He was the one who took a technical test asked of him badly and perceived it as having to give free work to the recruiting company.Xavi &amp; Matthias , both in two open source corporate businesses , discuss what it is like to work in such an environment . Matthias will also mention his responsibility as gatekeeper , contributing himself to the Linux kernel and also checking other contributor ’s branches . But what is it like in a working environment , where productivity is not measured , even though they follow agile methodology with a marked production rhythm?Hear from Alex , who used to work at Playfulbet , about his use of microservices o monolithic app . You ’ll also meet Aida Nogues , who started as artist hunter at Camaloon and talks about her days now as UX/UI Designer at Badi . She spends her time with user testing to validate features , flows or wireframes of the product they are developing or even UI and the design of the interface.Lastly you ’ll see Bernat interviewing Adria &amp; Andre , one of our first Sales Ninjas in Camaloon , who came to celebrate with us . They are now dedicated to selling Saas for hospitals or travels for students in Switzerland.If you want to join us in this open environment , nurtured by smart people , many ideas and even more discussions , take a look at our job board : itnig.net / jobs	itnig ’s new office : Party & Work with us
A month ago , I had dinner with a guy friend ( known each other for a year , mostly only talked through FB or in groups ) . I asked him how his love life is going ( just making conversation ) . He said he has a friend who likes him , but he said she 's too clingy , so he is n't interested . So I got the impression he is single . He showed me her instagram account , so I know who she is . I 've never met her before . That night , he ended up initiating sex with me . I was comfortable with the idea , so I just went for it . After I spent the night at his place , I started to get a feeling that there was more to the situation than I thought - he was showing typical fuckboy behaviour . I checked his lady friend 's instagram profile to see if something was up.Over time , I 've discovered they like all of each other 's photos , take photos of the same things on the same days , she posts pictures with him on dates/hugging him ( his face is usually not in pics but I know it 's him ) . He posts no pictures of her.I spoke to my friends who know this guy and they think either A ) he 's a fuckboy and she is falling for him , or B ) they are having a ' secret ' relationship thing . But clearly spend a lot of time together . If they do have a relationship , that means he cheated on her with me . I 've heard nothing from him , but he watches my instagram stories almost every single day . I have n't asked to meet him , because I can tell he is n't interested in meeting me again . I realised he unfollowed me at some point , but he still checks up on me.I do n't expect anything from him . It 's obvious he 's investing his time and energy into her so I 'm not trying to ' win ' him.I 'm going to see him at a party this weekend , and I do n't know what I should say to him , or if I should say anything at all . We have a lot of mutual friends and I do n't want to start drama , so I do n't know what to do . I feel sorry for the girl because she probably has no idea what he 's been doing . Any advice would be appreciated , thank you ! !	Had sex with friend but I realised he might have a girlfriend . What should I do ?
Kate Hudson first met her boyfriend Danny Fujikawa 15 years ago , while she was " enormously pregnant " with her first child Ryder . The Almost Famous star , who made her red carpet debut with the musician at the Snatched premiere in Hollywood in May ( 17 ) has revealed she had already known him for some time before they began dating . Kate went into detail about how about the couple first met on Instagram on Sunday ( 03Dec17 ) , when she marked the anniversary of their " first date " , explaining that she did n't immediately realize it was a date as she had already known Danny for more than 10 years by then . The pair first met when she was pregnant with her 13-year-old son Ryder , her child with Black Crowes rocker Chris Robinson . " The first time I met Danny I was 23 and enormously pregnant with Ryder . His step sisters are my best friends @sarafoster @erinfoster and so it goes we have been in the same circle for over a decade ! " she wrote besides a picture of them kissing on a wooden bridge during a hike . " A year ago today Danny took me on a hike and what I thought was just a hike with a family friend turned very quickly into an unexpected first date . " No moves were made on this first date . In fact , it took months for him to make a first move ! And as a kiss on this bridge would have been nice , the kiss a year later was so much sweeter . So on our 15th year of knowing each other we were able to open our hearts to each other to feel so much pure love and it ’s been truly incredible . ! Happy first date anniversary baby . #LoveThisMan #WhatAYear . " Kate , 38 , separated from Ryder 's dad Chris in 2006 after six years of marriage and their divorce was finalized in 2007 . She also has son Bingham , six , with her former fiance , Muse rocker Matt Bellamy . They called off their engagement in December , 2014 .	Kate Hudson first met boyfriend Danny Fujikawa while pregnant with Ryder
Work Smaller ( Even If It Makes No Sense ) Why do some teams fail to meet their sprint “ commitments ” ( hate that word ) sprint after sprint ? In this post I argue that the cure is working extremely and counterintuively small , but that our biases ( and intuition ) make that difficult . There are some deep human things at play.The GoalThought experiment … Team Acme is asked to set a goal . The goal involves doing a self-selected amount of work.Here are the requirements for that goal . The output of the work must : do something ( even if that something is insanely simple ) be deployable into production ( behind a feature flag is OK ) be exercisable/testable/demo-abledo no harmtake five business days or lessgenerate some learning/business value ( a tiny amount is fine ) There are absolutely no requirements as to the minimum size/amount/time of the work . When the team is done , they ’ll reflect on their work , and set another goal.HmmmmFaced with these constraints , teams ( and the individuals on those teams ) tend to think to themselves : If we make the goal too small , then there will not be enough work for everyone . We will not be able to split up the work , which will leave people bored ( and management wondering why people are idle ) . A small goal will mean we are back in this same situation in a couple days . We should try to set a goal that that will take us a bit.We need something that everyone can contribute to , but that is n’t too big . Might it be better to think in individual tasks , and then craft a goal from that ? Who does what ? Who is good at what?There ’s no way a week ’s worth of work will be truly valuable . I mean , this is kind of stupid because ANY team can do this with a super-small thing . What is the value of proving that ? What about the rest of the project?We ’re told to set aggressive goals . If we want to be sure to meet these guidelines , we ’ll be forced to underpromise . That ’s lame.What if we fail ? That would be an embarrassment , especially given how flexible the goal is.Oh this is a waste . This is an insult to our intelligence . It is a stupid test.What Happens?Do you see what is going on ? Do you see the dynamics at play ? What tends to happen next based on that internal dialogue?Team advocates for two week sprints so they can tackle meaningful chunks of work . They reject the &lt; = 5 day goal entirely.Tasks are farmed out to individuals . Team accountability for the goal turns into individual accountability for tasks . Individuals take on enough tasks to keep them busy for the duration of the block.The goal lacks cohesiveness ( it represents multiple individual goals strung together ) , but it is more meaningful in the eyes of the team than a small goal.The goal tends to be big for various reasons . Why ? Small goals are dangerous . Big goals mean you are trying . Big goals keep people busy . Big goals give you a plausible excuse if things go wrong . Big goals delay the next goal setting . Big goals do n’t insult your intelligence . Big goals do n’t force you to painstakingly decompose the work into tiny pieces . Oh , and the sprint is two weeks.The team accepts high rates of utilization , and tries to “ fill up ” the sprint ( thereby establishing the goal based on the Tetris-like accumulation of individual tasks ) . Somehow , the team fails to achieve the goal , and has lots of valid reasons for why that happened ( interruptions , scope creep , new learnings , new team members , tools , etc . ) This pattern continues despite their best efforts to reflect/adaptSuffice to say , they did n’t set a three day goal.Why?Recapping … none of this is illogical to the individuals on the team and their manager . Even though the team had ultimate flexibility ( they could literally make a tiny front-end change , for example ) … they chose not to take that route for various reasons . Why?Fear of failureFear of judgementFear of our success being linked to the success of our teammates . The need to control our own destinySense that “ more time ” always equals less pressureAversion to being “ under the microscope ” / overly-scrutinizedPride ( “ this insults our intelligence ” or “ I ’ve been doing this for twenty years … I can be left alone ” ) Desire to do our best , and tackle meaningful challengesAversion to anyone being idleIntuitive sense that smaller batches incur high “ set up ” costs ( in this case planning , context switching , etc . ) … which equates to more meetings , and less time “ getting the job done ” This is some deep stuff . And amazing how it all manifests in how we set goals and plan our work.So What?How do athletes tackle a new skill ? They master movements . They work on technique . They start small and ramp up.How do orgs tend to adopt Agile ? The team sets a sprint length ( often according to a global release cadence out of their control ) , and starts playing the game . They play a game of Tetris : “ Progress ” is measured in the amount of work delivered each sprint ( “ Velocity ” ) … not based on achieving meaningful goals.The problem is that teams often fail to master working small , and working together . The deep human items under “ Why ” above remain . They get caught in a cycle of “ failed sprints ” … with lots of very plausible reasons why they ’re happening . Or they become dogmatically predictable and fail to deliver outcomes.The alternative to all this seems very scary ( for the reasons mentioned above ) . If Agile is sold to “ go faster ” , then the thought of going insanely slow and working very minimally ( and on the surface inefficiently ) is anathema.That ’s insane ! How could you have 5 day sprints , 3 day sprints , 1 day sprints , variable length sprints , or no sprints at all ? That ’s too advanced for our team ! We ’d never be allowed to do something that extreme ! The work needs to go on!I propose , however , that this is exactly the set of intuitions and biases that we must challenge . What would it take for a team in your organization to take on the goal above with three days worth of work , even if it meant they needed to swarm and help each other ? What would it take to nail working very small?That ’s it for today . Timebox hit . Thoughts ?	Work Smaller ( Even If It Makes No Sense )
Finally , after clearing all the qualms , you have decided to write a book . But , have you thought about the ways to publish it ? Traditional publishing , best self publishing services , subsidy publishing , etc . are the different options which might perplex you . Prior to proceeding with your daily writing goals , you must give the method of publishing a serious thought.The publishing arena is changing rapidly due to the advent of novel technology in printing . The Internet has blurred the lines between publishing , printing , distribution , and retailing . A number of editing services in Canada also provide self-publishing services which have made life easy for authors . Due to these changes in the world of printing , self-publishing is increasingly assuming high importance . Even traditional publishers are adapting their ways of working as per the changing times.Let us look at different methods of publishing : Traditional way : Also referred to as royalty publishing , under this method author seeks a publisher to print his works . On acceptance of a manuscript , the publisher will pay the bills . The author is later paid royalties , which is a certain percentage of the book ’s sales revenues.Self publishing : Also named as independent publishing , this method of publishing is for those who are ready to invest time and effort to know more about the publishing process . Giving you complete control over the book , you can get editing and designing as per your personal preferences.Subsidy Publishing : Known as Vanity Publishing , this method is a middle ground between traditional and self-publishing . Subsidy publishers accept submissions from authors and manage different aspects of publication as well as distribution . They also pay royalties.Now that you have gained knowledge about different methods of publishing , including best self publishing services , you can choose the method you are most convenient with .	Choosing The Right Method of Publishing Your Book
With new tech products rolling out every day , it ’s all too easy to lose sight of Silicon Valley ’s history . But those who do neglect it are missing out on an amazing story , historian Leslie Berlin says . Berlin ’s new book , “ Troublemakers , ” traces the careers of seven tech pioneers who helped turn the Valley into an economic and cultural powerhouse . On the latest episode of Recode Decode , hosted by Kara Swisher , she explained why it focuses on the years 1969 to 1983 . “ Silicon Valley was this obscure little place , where it was gearhead engineers selling to gearhead engineers who used chips , ” Berlin said . “ Within not even a dozen years : The video game industry was born ; the personal computer industry was born ; biotech — which no one talks about — biotech was born , right here ; modern venture capital took root , the first Arpanet transmission comes into SRI . It ’s like you 're watching the Big Bang . ” “ It reminds me of The Beatles , ” she added . “ In 1963 , they ’re doing Little Richard covers . By 1970 , they ’ve completely transformed music and the broader culture . ” You can listen to Recode Decode on , Spotify , , or wherever you listen to podcasts . On the new podcast , Berlin also talked about her day job as a historian at Stanford University , overseeing the school ’s Silicon Valley Archives . “ At Stanford , people see this as part of a story of American history , part of a story of international history , ” she said . “ It did n’t happen in a vacuum . People think about ‘ computer history ’ or ‘ history of technology ’ as something that just sort of showed up . There ’s a reason this happened here , there ’s a reason it happened when it did , and we ’re able to tell that story . ” Berlin ’s team of historians frequently finds itself convincing tech companies to hand over their corporate memos , photos , videos and other materials — but sometimes it falls into their laps . When Steve Jobs returned to Apple in the late 1990s , he scrapped existing plans for an Apple-run museum of its own historian and shipped 600 boxes of history to Stanford ; other companies , however , need more cajoling . “ There ’s a big educational process , ” Berlin said . “ These are places that are completely focused on the future . Very often , what happens is it ’s only once an anniversary is on the horizon , they ’re like , ‘ What happened to all our stuff ? ’ That ’s a good time to talk to them . ” If you like this show , you should also sample our other podcasts : Recode Media with Peter Kafka features no-nonsense conversations with the smartest and most interesting people in the media world , with new episodes every Thursday . Use these links to subscribe on , Spotify , , or wherever you listen to podcasts . Too Embarrassed to Ask , hosted by Kara Swisher and The Verge ’s Lauren Goode , answers the tech questions sent in by our readers and listeners . You can hear new episodes every Friday on , Spotify , , or wherever you listen to podcasts . And Recode Replay has all the audio from our live events , including the Code Conference , Code Media and the Code Commerce Series . Subscribe today on , Spotify , , or wherever you listen to podcasts .	Learning about Silicon Valley in the 1970s is ‘ like watching the Big Bang , ’ historian Leslie Berlin says
I am about to complete 24 months of consecutive daily meditations . I have been steadfast in my commitment to 25 minutes of meditation per day . This post is my humble attempt to share the benefits received from meditation.What is Meditation ? “ Meditation is a precise technique for resting the mind and attaining a state of consciousness that is totally different from the normal waking state . It is the means for fathoming all the levels of ourselves and finally experiencing the center of consciousness within . Meditation is not a part of any religion ; it is a science , which means that the process of meditation follows a particular order , has definite principles , and produces results that can be verified . ” 10 Benefits of MeditationLessens fear , stress , depression and lonelinessElevates your emotional intelligence and moodExpands relaxation and optimismEnhances resilience against distress and painDiminishes anxiety and worryBoosts self-esteemStrengthens Problem-solving and decision-makingHeightens focus and cognitive abilitiesLowers blood pressureBoosts Energy level and immune systemGetting StartedAfter having my morning coffee . I sit at my desk with my hands on my thighs and close my eyes . I concentrate on my breathing ; especially the air inhale and exhale out of my nose . That ’s it . As you start , your mind will throw up thoughts . Do not fight it . Acknowledge the thought let it pass and get back to concentrating on your breathing . There seems to be a lot of hype that meditating is about silencing your minds thoughts . All I can say is , you will quiet the mind down , but I still have thoughts that bubble up ; just not as many . I feel like I ’ve created a sense of tranquility when I meditate now . It is truly an enjoyable experience.ConclusionCommitting to daily meditation can seem difficult at first . Stay with it . For those who know me , Standard of Trust was founded in 2009 with the purpose to elevate trust and relationship capital in our business relationships . This has been both a challenging and rewarding journey . Without the benefits I have received from meditating , I am not sure I would still be here today . Get started today , you will thank yourself in the future and wonder why you did n’t start earlier.Sources	10 Powerful Benefits From Meditating
What happened Shares of toymaker Mattel , Inc. ( NASDAQ : MAT ) jumped 29.2 % in November , according to data provided by S&amp;P Global Market Intelligence , driven by news that Hasbro , Inc. ( NASDAQ : HAS ) has approached the company about a buyout . No deal is imminent , but it appears to be more serious than past forays to combine the two . So what We do n't know the terms Hasbro might be offering or have any assurance that a deal will go through . So , investors buying Mattel are purely speculating on an acquisition . Hasbro sees its smaller toy rival as a potential target in the battle for toy dominance . Not only would Mattel bring brands like Barbie and Hot Wheels into the fold , but it will also make it easier to win licensing deals in the future . Mattel and Hasbro are bitter rivals when licensing deals come up and having both under one roof should lead to lower licensing costs and higher margins . Now what In a lot of ways , the combination of Hasbro and Mattel makes sense because it would likely lead to a more profitable company over the long term . But the government may not allow such a deal to happen , which I see as a big roadblock if the two companies can come to terms . I would n't buy shares of Mattel on buyout rumors alone , but if the merger succeeds , it could be a big win for toy investors long term .	Why Mattel , Inc. 's Shares Popped 29 % in November
President Donald Trump early Monday used Twitter to call for Alabama voters to select GOP candidate Roy Moore for the Senate , saying it 's important to keep a Republican in the seat because of Democrats ' " refusal to give even one vote for massive tax cuts . " In the latest CBS News poll , released Sunday , Moore holds a six-point lead over Democratic challenger Doug Jones , of 49 percent to 43 percent among likely voters in the Dec. 12 special election to fill the seat previously held by now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions . The seat had been held temporarily by Luther Strange , who lost his primary bid to keep the seat to Moore , a former state Supreme Court justice . Trump backed Strange in the primary election , but has since switched to back Moore , who has been dogged by several accusations of sexual misconduct for incidents allegedly occurring four decades ago , when the women were teenagers and he was in his early 30s . However , the poll found that 71 percent of Alabama Republicans think the claims are false and that Democrats and the media are to blame for the allegations .	Trump : ' We Need ' Roy Moore to Win in Alabama
BRUSSELS ( AP ) — British Prime Minister Theresa May will make a diplomatic blitz to Brussels on Monday to meet top European Union officials and try to reach a much-needed breakthrough in the negotiations on Britain 's exit.May is to meet with EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and EU Council President Donald Tusk , and hopes to make what the EU calls " sufficient progress " on the questions of Britain 's leaving bill , Irish border conditions and the rights of citizens in each other 's territories.That progress is needed , the EU says , before the sides can move the negotiations on to the next important stage about future trade relations , including trade , next week.The Irish border issue in particular has stood out as a sticking point , with Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney telling Irish broadcaster RTE that " we do n't yet have agreement " on a full text.A British official , who spoke only on condition of anonymity in line with government policy , said overnight there were " plenty of discussions still to go " and instead of an initial Monday deadline for a breakthrough , the official called the talks now " an important staging post . " The EU 's top Brexit officials will also be huddling among themselves looking how to get more concessions from Britain , specifically on citizens ' rights and the Irish border.Britain is set to leave the EU on March 29 , 2019 yet the progress on its exit and the terms of new relations have been painfully slow.The 27 other member states need to declare there is enough progress on the three divorce issues during their Dec. 14-15 summit before the talks can start including future relations , something which is paramount for hard-pressed Britain.Yet Monday is still fraught with difficulties . Juncker first meets with Brexit experts from the European Parliament , which will eventually have to endorse any departure deal.And Manfred Weber , the chief of the EPP Christian Democrats ' group in the EU parliament , said his group still saw plenty of hurdles.Weber said in a tweet that even if the issue of the outstanding bill had made major progress , " we are much more concerned about the fact that negotiations are stalled on the protection of EU citizens ' rights &amp; on the Irish case . " Coveney held out hope , though . " We are not quite yet where we need to be , but it is possible to do that today , " he said .	Theresa May Makes Diplomatic Blitz to Unlock Brexit Talks
FRISCO ( 105.3 The Fan ) – “ Meaningful games in December . ” That ’s one of the first goals an NFL team can set and achieve . And the Dallas Cowboys — a modest 6-6 and still pulling up the rear of the 10 legit contenders for six NFC Playoff spots — do have that going for them . The Cowboys took care of this week ’s business with a Thursday win over Washington . This week , they ’ve watched as fellow wild-card hopefuls Detroit and Atlanta lost ( though both remained ahead of the Cowboys ) . But Seattle and Carolina remain two games ahead of Dallas for the wild-card spots . Smart money says the Cowboys need to win all four final games of the year and get help elsewhere to have a shot . Those shots will come : at New York Giants ( 2-10 ) . at Oakland ( 6-6 ) . home against Seattle ( 8-4 ) featuring the Christmas Eve return of Ezekiel Elliott . and at Philadelphia ( 10-2 ) . “ Meaningful games in January ” is the next goal . But first things first , as Dallas prepares to follow a coach Jason Garrett mantra and “ concern ourselves with things within our control . ”	Dallas Cowboys Playoff Picture : A December To Remember ?
Hello everyone ! ICOGuru is in touch and we ’re ready to provide you with our traditionally fresh ICO review . Today we ’ll talk about DimPay project . Their ICO is launching today.IntroductionWhy I choose DimPay in the vast variety of launching project ? I did it because it ’s an unusual project , it ’s build on top of the NEM blockchain rather than majority of the projects using Ethereum.NEM blockchain was developed at the end of 2014 as an open source project , made by community . It ’s an alternative cryptocurrency made to compete with Bitcoin and Ethereum . At the NEM ’s core we ’ll see Proof-of-Importance ( P-o-I ) algorithms instead of traditional Proof-of-Work ( P-o-W ) . The difference is that : in P-o-W amount of coins at the miner ’s wallet is critical point , as more it is in the wallet , so more chance of building block ; in case of P-o-I transaction volume and miner ’s trust are more important than amount of coins in the wallet . Additionally , NEM considered as very safety blockchain . It uses client-server architecture with implemented firewall at the server side.Not too many projects are currently stable working at NEM . There is no sources with all NEM projects collected , but after some research , I ’ve found around 10 separate projects . There ’re NEM ’s infrastructure projects ( wallets , exchange and so on ) and old-school game with custom name : PacNEM :) but serious and commercial projects have n’t been launched so far . So it ’s time to introduce you DimPay!DimPay is a global payment system and one of the basic blocks in DIM infrastructure . Alongside with DimPay will be DepotWallet ( mobile/desktop ) and DIM Debit Card . So , it ’s pretty similar to an existing payment systems and solving same problem — providing an ability for customers to pay and for merchants to be paid using cryptocurrencies . Additional function is to provide unbanked people ( there ’re millions of them ) with an ability to transfer necessary funds with no actual need to have bank account.If we ’ll compare DimPay to the traditional payment systems ( e.g. PayPal or Skrill ) , we ’ll see that the biggest difference is in transactional costs and easier process of customer ’s verification . All this is possible beacause of use of blockchain technologies , other features are same.As for me , I think , in future , only blockchain-based systems will be at the scene . Currently , it ’s faster and scalable to use traditional , centralized systems , but we ’re watching a trend leading us towards full decentralization and that ’s why I hope that there will be only blockchain-based solutions.Pros and ConsSame as every project , DimPay has its own advantages and disadvantages . For current stage all disadvantages could be theoretical and only after official launch we ’ll find problems and bugs . So , let ’s continue with advantages of DimPay.Pros : DimPay will integrate POS , e-commerce and fin-tech services inside of the entire DIM EcosystemDIM Debit Cards will unite blockchain fin-tech services with the traditional financial servicesAt DimPay and , in a whole DIM infrastructure , merchants will have an ability to track current customer ’s trends and inventoriesAs it should be in real DAO ( Decentralized Autonomous Organization ) , token holders will be able to suggest and vote on the future direction of DimPay developmentCons : As I ’ve mentioned before , it ’s hard to detect any disadvantages of the project until its officially launched . It means that all disadvantages for now , are common to any project entering a fin-tech industry.Biggest disadvantage , founded by myself , is absence of even alpha version of their MVP . Accordingly to their Roadmap , it will be launched only at Q2 of 2018 … It ’s strange and I strongly recommend to anyone , willing to invest , to wait until MVP released.P.S . I ’ve sent official inquiry about current status of their MVP . Has no answer at the moment . When will get it , I ’ll update information hereMarket overviewIn DimPay ’s whitepaper is written the following : “ DimPay aims to disrupt the traditional peer-to-peer ( P2P ) , business-to-business ( B2B ) , business-to-consumer ( B2C ) and consumer-to-business ( C2B ) payment systems by offering low fees , transparency , instantaneous transactions and a decentralized platform . ” In one sentence they ’ve placed their entire proposal . They are not doing something new , they just applied blockchain technology to the payment system skeleton and voila :) :) :) Within their whitepaper , I ’ve found table which compares DimPay to 3 , already existing similar services . Let ’s have a look on it.What we ’ve seen in this table ? DimPay is just another payment system . My opinion that it does n’t have any additional value for future and all interesting in it that it made on top of NEM blockchain . Personally me , wo n’t invest into this project , at least , until MVP released.That ’s all for DimPay ! Cheers ! Follow us on : Twitter : http://bit.ly/2AZQdARFacebook : http://bit.ly/2zoVRjDSteemit : http://bit.ly/2zpH08DTelegram : http://bit.ly/2i0PnjxProvided review can be used only for informational purposes . All what I ’ve mentioned above is only my opinion . This review is not an advice or recommendation . You ’re totally on your own when decide whether to invest or not.Basic information about DimPay Crowdsale . More information at their WhitepaperRoadMap of DimPayAs you probably recognized , DimPay is quite similar to the existing projects	DimPay — Payment system build on top of NEM blockchain
Technology is social before it ’s technical — Gilles DeleuzeHumans are driven emotions more often than not . You may be a rational human being but your emotions will still drive many of your choices . You can be excited , angry , interested , or sad about things . It does n’t matter , you ’ll react to those emotions and you ’ll very often leak that into your communications.You ’ll likely leak your emotions and so will other members of the community . If you think humans should suck it up and act like nothing is happening , I ’m afraid you are living in a bubble . That is not how humans operate . That ’s not how humans interact.Some humans know this and these humans should make sure other humans know this as well . Emotions matter and they affect our daily tasks . Emotions take control over many times during our day and they determine how our day will go . Being thick-skinned does n’t really matter . It just means you can control your emotions a bit more than others but you still react to them . You react in a different , perhaps more controlled , way but you still react to your emotions.There ’s nothing wrong about this , though . It ’s one of the things that makes us humans . Emotions are fine , we just need to learn how to deal with them and how they may or may not affect our days . We need to learn how to be smart about our emotions and we need to learn how to react to each one of our emotions . We need to be observant of ourselves and othersI do n’t think we should turn communities into therapy sessions . But I do think we should learn how to communicate in an open and friendly way . We can be smarter in our interactions with other members of the community . If we ’re all observant of our emotions , we ’ll be able to act properly whenever things are not going exactly well.I try to keep a low profile whenever my days are not going exactly well . I do this because I do n’t want other people to be affected by this . This does n’t mean I do n’t talk to other members . Keeping a low profile in the community does n’t mean you should hide your emotions from everyone . To me , it means I just do n’t engage as much in discussions that require my entire focus.On the other hand , if you notice someone is having a bad day you can choose to either reach out or to not make their day worse . You should care , your community is made by humans not laptops.So , assume good faith or better , always communicate in a friendly way regardless of what your current emotions are or what other member ’s current emotions are . Do n’t lose it and focus on what really matters . I know this is all easier said than done but hey , I ’m in the same boat.If you liked this post , some claps would help my dopamine production : D	On communities : Emotions matter
Tips on Logical Reasoning Test on Statements &amp; Arguments3 TIPS to crack Reasoning Questions on Statements and AssumptionsTip # 1 : Assumptions should be drawn only from the given statement , not from your real life experiencesStatement : “ Please put more people on the job to make up for the delay . ” Assumptions : ( I ) Delay is inevitable in most jobs . ( II ) Output will increase with more number of people on the job.A . Only assumption I is implicitB . Only assumption II is implicitC . Either I or II is implicitD . Neither I nor II is implicitE . Both I and II are implicitSolution : Assumption I is not implicit , even if based on your real life experiences , you may believe that delay is inevitable in most jobs . As per the statement , increasing the number of people will make up for the delay by increasing the output . So II is implicit . Thus , correct option is B.Statement : If you are an engineer , we have a challenging job for you.Assumptions : ( I ) We need an engineer . ( II ) You are an engineer.An engineer is needed , hence the advertisement . So assumption I is implicit.Assumption II is not implicit , even if the reader is an engineer.Hence the correct option is A.Tip # 2 : Do n’t extrapolate beyond what is given in the statement to arrive at false assumptionsStatement : Everybody loves reading adventure stories.Assumptions : ( I ) Adventures stories are the only reading material . ( II ) Nobody loves reading any other material.Neither ( I ) nor ( II ) can be reasonably drawn from the given statement . Thus , correct answer will be D.Statement : “ You ca n’t solve syllogism question without constructing a diagram . Difficult questions on syllogism need Venn diagram solving , ” a teacher tells his students.Assumption : ( I ) The students are not intelligent . ( II ) Problem can not be solved.Assumption I is false because nothing is said about the students . Assumption II is false since the statement does not say that the problem can not be solved . So , correct answer is D.Tip # 3 : If a notice / advertisement is put up , the implicit assumption is that it will have impactStatement : Do not copy our software without our permission — A notice.Assumptions : ( I ) It is possible to copy the software . ( II ) Such warning will have some effect.If it were not possible to copy the software , there would be no need for the notice . Hence , ( I ) is implicitly true . Similarly , if the warning would have no impact , the notice would not be posted . Hence , ( II ) is also implicit . So , the correct answer is E.Statement : “ A rare opportunity to be a professional while you are at home . ” — An advertisement for computer literate housewives by a computer company.Assumptions : ( I ) Some housewives simultaneously desire to become professional . ( II ) Computer industry is growing at a fast pace . ( III ) It is possible to be a professional as well as a housewife.A . Only I and II are implicitB . Only II and III are implicitC . Only I and III are implicitD . Only II is implicitE . None of theseSolution : If no housewives desired to become professionals , there would be no reason to make the advertisement . Hence , ( I ) is implicit . ( III ) is also implicit , otherwise the advertisement would not be made in the first place . Thus , the correct answer is C. 3 TIPS on cracking Reasoning Questions on Statements and ArgumentsClassification of Arguments1 . Strong Argument : Strong arguments are those which are directly related to the statement , do not make extra assumptions , are valid and hold true .2 . Weak Argument : Weak arguments are those which not related to the statement directly , may make unjustifiable assumptions , are false , vague or invalid.Example : Statement : Are nuclear families better than joint families?Arguments : I. No . Joint families ensure security and also reduce the burden of work.II . Yes . Nuclear families ensure greater freedom.With so many people around in a joint family , there is more security . Also , work is shared . Again , in nuclear families , there are lesser number of people and so lesser responsibilities and more freedom . Both arguments are Strong.Tip # 1 : Arguments with unjustifiable assumptions are weakStatement : Should the education at all levels be offered only in vernacular medium?Arguments : I. Yes . This is the only way to enhance performance of the students.II . No . This will severely affect acquiring knowledge for want of good text books in vernacular medium.A . Only argument I is strongB . Only argument II is strongC . Either I or II is strongD . Neither I nor II is strongE . Both I and II are strongSolution : In ( I ) it is assumed that offering education in vernacular is the only way to enhance performance of the students . But , this assumption is not justifiable . Hence ( I ) is weak.Argument ( II ) is strong since offering books in English or other languages would open up more avenues for Students.So the correct answer is B.Statement : Should girls learn arts like judo and karate?Arguments : ( I ) Yes . It will enable them to defend themselves from rogues and ruffians . ( II ) No . They will lose their feminine grace.Solution : Learning martial arts is necessary for girls for self-defense . So , argument ( I ) is strong.In argument ( II ) , it is assumed without justification that martial arts will impact feminine grace.Thus , the answer will be A.Tip # 2 : If an argument is not scientific or contradicts your general knowledge or goes against research by reputed organizations , it is weakStatement : Should books by only deserving authors be published?Arguments : ( I ) Yes . It will save a lot of paper which is in short supply . ( II ) No . It is not possible to draw a line between the deserving and the undeserving.Argument ( I ) says that paper is in short supply . But , this is not something we have ever heard in the news . It is contradictory to our general knowledge and is therefore weak.Argument ( II ) is a strong argument because establishing committees to control the publishing of books would be against freedom of speech . Such committees would also be partial and have their own agendas.So the correct answer is B.Tip # 3 : Arguments that are illogical and unrelated to the statement are weakStatement : Should all the school teachers be debarred from giving private tuitions?Arguments : ( I ) No . The needy students will be deprived of the expertise of these teachers . ( II ) Yes . This is an injustice to the unemployed educated people who can earn their living by giving tuitions . ( III ) Yes . Only then the quality of teaching in schools will improve . ( IV ) Yes . Now salary of these teachers is reasonable.A . Only I and III are strongB . Only I , II and III are strongC . Only III and IV are strongD . Only II , III and IV are strongArgument ( I ) is weak because needy students will not be deprived of their education in schools , if those teachers also offer private tuitions on the side.Argument ( II ) is weak because other unemployed individuals can also hold private tuitions if they are capable of doing so.Argument ( III ) is strong . There could be a tendency for teachers to reduce their efforts in schools to encourage more students to join their private tuition classes.Argument ( IV ) is weak . By what standards can anyone decide to stop a worker from seeking further employment by deciding that their salary is already reasonable?Thus , the correct answer is E. 5 TIPS on cracking Reasoning Questions on Conclusions and Course of ActionTip # 1 : Conclusion drawn on the basis of data not provided in the statement ( s ) does not holdStatements : In a one-day cricket match , the total runs made by a team were 200 . Out of these 160 runs were made by spinners.Conclusions : ( I ) 80 % of the team consists of spinners . ( II ) The opening batsmen were spinners.A . Only conclusion I followsB . Only conclusion II followsC . Either I or II followsD . Neither I nor II followsE . Both I and II followSolution : Nothing has been said in the statements about the number of spinners or the batsmen . So both conclusions do not follow . Hence the correct option is D.Statement : Any student who does not behave properly while in the school brings bad name to himself and also for the school.Conclusions : ( I ) Such student should be removed from the school . ( II ) Stricter discipline does not improve behavior of the students.The statement mentions nothing about disciplinary action against misbehaving students , so none of the conclusions follows . The correct answer is D.Tip # 2 : Conclusions with definitive qualifiers ( all , no one , at least ) require stringent support to be validStatements : A forest has as many sandal trees as it has Ashoka trees . Three-fourth of the trees are old ones and half of the trees are at the flowering stage.A . All Ashoka trees are at the flowering stage.B . All sandal trees are at the flowering stage.C . At least one-half of the Ashoka trees are old.D . One-half of the sandal trees are at the flowering stage.Conclusions A , B , C do not hold because of the presence of definitive words ‘ all ’ and ‘ at least ’ when the statements do not provide such definite information . D does not follow because nothing has been said about the fraction of sandal trees in flowering stage . Thus , the answer is E.Statement : Money plays a vital role in politics.Conclusion : ( I ) The poor can not become politicians . ( II ) All rich men take part in politics.None of the conclusions follows since they are definitive whereas the given statement is not . Hence the correct answer is D.Tip # 3 : Conclusion should not contradict your common sense and general knowledgeStatements : Our securities investments carry market risk . Consult your investment advisor or agent before investing.Conclusions : ( I ) One should not invest in securities . ( II ) The investment advisor can reasonably estimate the market riskInvestment in securities involves risk but this does not mean that one should not invest in securities . So I does not follow . Since the statement advises one to consult investment advisor before investing , so II follows . Thus the correct answer is B.Statements : Soldiers serve their country.A . Men generally serve their country.B . Those who serve their country are soldiers.C . Some men who are soldiers serve their country.D . Women do not serve their country because they are not soldiers.Solution : Conclusion A does not follow since it is ambiguous . Again , B does not hold since soldiers are not the only people serving their country . Conclusion D does not hold because it contradicts the fact that women can also be soldiers . C is the answer.Tip # 4 : There must be no extremity involved in the course of actionStatement : The members belonging to two local societies occasionally fight with each other on the main highway and traffic is jammed always.Courses of Action : I. The local police station should immediately deploy policemen round the clock on the main highway.II . Those involved in fighting should be identified and put behind bars.III . Local authority should cease the management of the two societies with immediate effect.A . Only I and IIB . Only I and IIIC . Only II and IID . All of I , II , IIISolution : To stop the fighting , the police must deploy troops and the culprits must be put behind bars to deter them from causing such scenes in the future , so I and II follow . The 3rd course of action would be extreme . So the answer is A.Tip # 5 : The course of action should be justified based on the statementStatement : The Company X has rejected the first load of valves supplied by Company A and has cancelled its entire huge order quoting use of inferior quality material and poor craftsmanship.Courses of Action : I. The Company A needs to investigate functioning of its purchase , production and quality control departments.II . The Company A should inspect all the valves rejected by Company X.III . The Company A should inform Company X that steps have been taken for improvement and renegotiate schedule of supply.First of all , company A should inspect the rejected valves to ensure if they are really substandard . If so , it should scrutinize its working thoroughly and fix its quality issues . III is not justified from the statement , because the quality errors have not been fixed and issuing a statement to Company X to that effect would be a lie . The answer is A.Learning Pundits help Job Seekers make great CVs , master English Grammar &amp; Vocabulary , ace Aptitude Tests , speak fluently in a Group Discussion , apply for jobs , participate in online contests .	Tips on Logical Reasoning Test on Statements & Arguments
EU President Donald Tusk has cancelled a trip to Israel and the Palestinian territories this week because talks on a Brexit deal are in a " critical " phase , his spokesman said Monday . " Due to a critical moment in the Brexit talks and due to consultations on draft guidelines for the second phase " the trip from Tuesday to Wednesday has been called off , Tusk 's spokesman Preben Aamann told AFP.Tusk had been due to meet Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem on Tuesday night , and Palestinian Authority prime minister Rami Hamdallah in Ramallah on Wednesday , according to his official schedule published last week.Tusk is meeting British Prime Minister Theresa May in Brussels on Monday as May tries to seal a divorce agreement that would allow Brexit negotiations to move on to the second phase , dealing with trade and transition talks.The European Commission is set to decide whether Britain has made enough progress on Wednesday , and , if so , ambassadors from the remaining EU 27 countries will meet the same day to draw up guidelines for the next stage.Former Polish premier Tusk then chairs an EU summit on December 15 where leaders would sign off any deal.His diary is now clear until Friday when he is scheduled to travel to Hungary .	EU 's Tusk cancels Mideast trip for ' critical ' Brexit talks
MVPs ( Minimal Viable Products ) are an experimentation tool to test hypothesis . Time and money are valuable resources and MVPs enable you to mitigate the risk of building something nobody wants.Below is a great example that caught my eye on validating ideas quickly , cheaply and easily : Demand Validation VideoSaw this on Twitter yesterday and thought it was a genius way to validate whether people felt similar to Lain ( idea owner ) that accessories should be multi-purpose and used for contactless payments . The video above is a great example in Tesco supermarket of Lain testing her hypothesis.The comments ( feedback ) from people on Twitter provides insight on peoples sentiment ( as shown below ) . The Retweets validate that people want to share this great idea with others . This was similar in some respects to the Dropbox Explainer Video that enabled the company to gain funding 9 years ago.Social Media as shown above has made the feedback loop really quick and easy given the nature of how shareable content is and how easy it is to share feedback concisely in a tweet.Now that the unique value proposition has been validated with strong positive feedback shared on Twitter , I would carry out the following steps : Conduct customer interviews to learn more about who the customer is and what works / does n’t with the idea.Set up a Kickstarter and get users to commit money upfront to pay for development and lower the risk of people thinking it is “ cool ” but not really willing to buy and use.Continue to get feedback and think deeper about the customer journey and first product line ( e.g. rings vs bracelets ) as shown in this great 2 week sprint by Citizen M.Would be great to keep an eye on this one and see where it goes!Learned something ? Click and hold the 👏 to say “ thanks ! ” and help others find this article .	Validating Ideas Can Be Real Simple
The death toll from violence in Iraq has fallen to its lowest monthly level in five years following the Islamic State group 's military collapse , the United Nations said Monday.The United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq said new lows were recorded in October and November.In November , a total of 117 civilians and police were killed and 264 wounded in acts of terrorism , violence and armed conflict , UNAMI said.The highest death tolls by province were recorded in Baghdad , at 51 , and Salaheddin , with 24 deaths . " Two bombings in Tuz Khurmatu , Salahaddin governorate , and in Baghdad governorate in November , which caused numerous casualties among civilians , are a horrible reminder that the terrorists can still inflict blows at peaceful citizens , " said UN envoy Jan Kubis . " All measures need to be taken by the authorities to protect civilians against the barbarism of the terrorists . " The UN mission said violence in Iraq cost 114 lives in October and that the total since the start of the year had reached 3,229 dead.But the figures for October and November were the two lowest monthly death tolls since November 2012 . The highest toll , of 1,775 dead , came in June 2014 as IS jihadists swept across swathes of Iraq and neighbouring Syria.The group has since suffered major military defeats and seen its self-declared " caliphate " collapse.sk / hc/par	Iraq death toll at lowest level in five years
A scenic lookout in memory of Carl Lutz , a Swiss diplomat who saved tens of thousands of Jews during the Holocaust , was dedicated in Switzerland Forest , which is located near Tiberias.Carl Lutz , who served as vice consul in the Swiss Embassy in Budapest during World War II , saved more than 60,000 Jews with the safe-conduct documents that he issued and the safe houses where he placed them . Given the title Righteous Among the Nations by Yad Vashem in 1964 , he was one of the first to receive it.The scenic lookout that was built in Lutz ’s memory provides visitors with a breathtaking view of the Sea of Galilee and the Golan Heights . Switzerland Forest spreads out around the mountains in its rich , green beauty , with the city of Tiberias nestled at its foot . “ We stand here facing this spectacular landscape in a place that symbolizes solidarity , courage , and humanity , said Yossi Ben David , the mayor of Tiberias.Agnes Hirschi , Carl Lutz ’s daughter , came especially from Switzerland to attend the ceremony . She said that the beautiful view reminded her of her father ’s home in Switzerland . “ The laws of life are stronger than the rules made by human beings . That is what my father believed , and that is how he acted , ” she said . “ Although he was not born a hero , he would not tolerate the persecution and murder of Jews . ” Switzerland Forest , which spreads out over approximately 3,000 dunams ( approx . 740 acres ) , combines trees planted by human hands with native Israeli trees . With the help of its friends in Switzerland , KKL-JNF has developed hiking and bicycle paths in the forest as well as rest areas , scenic lookouts , picnic areas , and playgrounds . Unlike most KKL-JNF forests , Switzerland Forest had not originally been planted for recreation and leisure purposes , but in order to protect the residents of Tiberias by holding the soil in place with tree roots , thereby preventing landslides . “ When I look from here at the view of the Sea of Galilee and the Galilee , I am filled with certainty that there is no better place to tell the story of Carl Lutz to the many visitors who will be visiting the overlook , ” said Arthur Plotke , President of KKL Switzerland . “ It is a story that demonstrates how a person who keeps his humanity can change history . ”	Scenic Lookout Dedicated in Memory of Carl Lutz
( Bloomberg ) -- Alan Greenspan ’s conundrum is back , and central bankers ’ new-found love of treating markets with kid gloves is playing a large part.While the U.S. Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates for the third time this year , and officials expect another three hikes in 2018 , benchmark U.S. bond yields have remained stubbornly low through 2017 and the gap between short and long-term rates has flattened.At the same time , stocks have continued on an upward ascent , with the S&amp;P 500 hitting record after record and the Dow Jones Industrial Average breaking through 24,000 . The Bank for International Settlements highlighted the issue in its latest Quarterly Review , where it said investors have “ shrugged off ” the Fed ’s moves . “ Financial conditions have conspicuously eased in U.S. markets over the last 12 months , despite the Federal Reserve ’s gradual removal of monetary accommodation . ” The situation is n’t unprecedented . The BIS noted it has echoes of what former Fed Chairman Greenspan describe as a “ conundrum ” in 2005 . He found it puzzling that long-term bond yields were falling even after a series of the Fed rate hikes.Both episodes differ from previous cycles such as 1994 , when Fed actions “ triggered sharply higher long-term yields , moderate stock market losses , wider credit spreads . ” While the persistence of low inflation globally since the financial crisis may be part of the explanation , the BIS said central bankers themselves are a significant factor . “ The difference between the last two episodes and that of 1994 reflects shifts towards greater gradualism and predictability in the Fed ’s tightening strategies . The Fed ’s moves in 1994 were steep and less thoroughly communicated to markets . By contrast , gradualism and predictability have characterized the current tightening cycle , with respect to both the policy rate and balance sheet adjustment . ” In other words , monetary officials are mollycoddling markets , in the U.S. and elsewhere . The Bank of England ’s rate hike in November -- the first in a decade -- was accompanied by a pledge that tightening will be “ limited and gradual . ” It looks likely to raise interest rates only about once a year as the U.K. negotiates its exit from the European Union . The European Central Bank has slowed its bond-buying program but wo n’t end it until at least September 2018 . The Bank of Japan is showing no sign of any major shift in its easing policy.Read next : Welcome to the Elite Private Club of the World ’s Central BankersThe BIS has long pushed for tighter policy globally and Jaime Caruana , who retired last week as head of the Basel-based institution , warned that central banks should n’t underestimate the dangers of moving too slowly . “ Postponing normalization too much also has risks , ” Caruana said in an interview . “ Why ? Because there is more risk-taking and it ’s difficult to know where the risk-taking will go . ” While gradualism is one part of the equation , communication is another , according to the BIS , which said policy decisions in the current cycle were “ well anticipated . ”“ In the absence of imminent inflationary pressures , such as those prevailing in 1994 , in the two more recent episodes the Fed ’s gradual approach may have supported investors ’ beliefs that the central bank would not risk impairing growth and damaging valuations . ” Central bankers are still worried about market ructions that could undermine the current economic upturn -- and they really want to get inflation up even more . The upshot is that they ’re handholding investors all the way to their policy decisions.To contact the reporter on this story : Fergal O'Brien in London at fobrien@bloomberg.net . To contact the editors responsible for this story : Paul Gordon at pgordon6@bloomberg.net , Zoe Schneeweiss © 2017 Bloomberg L.P.	Central Banks Going Softly , Softly Revive Greenspan 's Conundrum
How South Africa Impacted My Fitness &amp; Lifestyle JourneyI realized something : I have zero excuses around the world … Three months.That ’s how long I ’ve been away from home . ( Home is some small town in Oregon . ) Three months is the longest time I have n’t seen my parents , my sister , my friends.To me , that ’s a long time.It ’s also been three months since LA Fitness . Since grocery stores with all that you could ever want . Since Chipotle , for bod ’s sake!Basically , my fitness path took a severe left turn.How did I fare these three months?Well , let ’s set the scene : For this past quarter of a year , I have had zero access to a gym , minimal fresh food ingredients , and a ton of sun . Poor me.My goal has been to achieve an elite , athletic physique since day one.I ’ve always had a weightlifting gym at my disposal , and I ’ve always been a weightlifting dude . But without those familiar dumbbells and plates , I needed to turn to something different.Also , before leaving the States , I decided to change my nutrition for the better . In Oregon , I would fast intermittently until about 1 PM , and then go with the “ Lean Gains ” approach ( eat 8 hours , fast 16 ) . That altered as well.I ’ll break down my healthy African routine in terms of training , nutrition , and lifestyle : TrainingLike I said before , no legit gymnasium . And in Cape Town and Durban , they do n’t just leave free weights laying around on the streets . So I followed a trend that ’s been super popular in the latter half of 2017 : Calisthenics.You ’ve seen this in my previous articles , but I made the change from incline bench press and LAT pulldowns to various types of push-ups and pull-ups . I had a beachfront calisthenics spot near where I was living in Cape Town , as well as a park gym close to my Durban residence . Now I ’m on a game reserve , which appears to have nothing in terms of a physical activity area.But the truth is , it does n’t matter . Calisthenics are universal . You can do it anywhere . All you need is a flat space on the ground . Hell , it does n’t even need to be flat ! Once I ’m done writing this article , I ’ll go hang from a light pole and do some assisted handstand push-ups before dinner.Another reason why calisthenics are the bee ’s knees ( despite that cliche , I am 23-years-old ) is because you can progress in them fairly quickly . You can go from push-ups on your knees to one-handed push-ups or weighted diamond push-ups within weeks ! Muscle-ups , handstands , Russian dips , planche … the list is endless for cool sh*t you can do with your body.What I like to do normally is combine a weightlifting mainstay with these bodyweight movements.Specifically , I do weighted drop sets for the basics . I literally put my backpack on , filled with my day-to-day work stuff , and I go do wide-grip pull-ups , regular pull-ups , and chin-ups , then drop the weight and do them all again.There is no one way to continuously gain lean muscle mass . Sure , lifting weights is the single best way in terms of how fast you gain muscle , but if you ’re advanced ( 2 – 3 years into resistance training ) you should give calisthenics a try . You get to do cool things with your body , there ’s a ton of variance , you can still add weight to it , and you can do it virtually anywhere.Yes , even in the “ jungles ” of South Africa.NutritionNutrition is the biggest factor when it comes to your physique . You are what you eat , after all.I saw this three-month trip as a restructuring opportunity for nutrition . From being a hardcore omnivore to a plant-based consumer was interesting , sometimes difficult , and life changing in the end.I eat 80 – 90 % vegan daily . What does that mean ? Well , I usually go with whole foods , items that come directly from the earth . Fruits , vegetables , legumes , starches , and some grains are always on the menu . The 10 – 20 % remaining is left for random things you ca n’t avoid in international cooking : Oils and butter , eggs , honey , and the occasional chicken breast.There has been research regarding the harmful effects of animal protein and animal byproduct . But sometimes someone else is making me dinner , the restaurant does n’t have anything vegan , or I ’m just feeling some chicken on my Chipotle bowl ( note how much I miss my Chipotle ) . I do n’t want to disrupt everyone ’s lives on account of my eating choices.So an omelette once a week wo n’t kill me.The reason I went vegan is n’t for the animals . It was for how whole foods made my body and brain feel . I am so energetic and alive when I eat vegan . ( And if I ever ingest any dairy now , it immediately turns into a migraine-level headache . No bueno . I avoid milk , cheese , and butter like the plague . ) You are what you eat . So eat what makes you feel like an action-hungry human being!LifestyleIn America , it ’s cars and “ where shall we eat next ? ” In Africa , where you ’re with your health-conscious girlfriend and know nobody else , your lifestyle takes a turn … for the better.We had no form of motor transportation . Sure , we ’d Uber around when it was far , but for the most part we walked.Walk to the gym . Walk to the grocery store to pick up fruits and veggies . Walk to our favorite market where we ’d get delicious smoothie bowls and wraps.Walking is a fundamental act for a human , right there with breathing and blinking.So we walked . We also biked a few times in Cape Town ( it ’s a big “ town ” ) . And Jess would run in the morning with her group.That ’s another great thing about a new location : Making friends through exercise . Jess would run at ungodly hours in the morning , and on Sundays I would go play ultimate Frisbee on the beach with my group . We got to know a lot of interesting and amazing people via sports , which is by far the best way.Of course , I tried to fast as much as possible , I ’d walk to work at the nearby coffee shop , I ’d get outside around 1 PM , crush a daily workout , and read fiction , something I had lost in my American lifestyle.This was the nourishing part . In America , I lost who I was as a person . When I left my old life , I had a clean slate to work with . I reverted back to my childish ways , that time in your life when you got to do as you please without chastisement.My truest self loves to read , write , move its body , eat natural foods , walk all over the place , and learn . These are what South Africa gave back to me.I ’m not the only person who feels this way.My fiance Jess ( who became my fiance on this trip , on a hike up Lion ’s Head ) also got into the plant-based lifestyle , works on what she loves to do , gets out in the sun , exercises everyday , and smiles a bunch . She ’s even reading now , something that school took away from her as being “ fun . ” She ’s happy . I ’m happy . We are content.Being given a clean slate is the biggest blessing ever . We escaped what I call The Script and we ’re out blazing our own path.We both went to school to get good jobs that would give us security , but we quickly realized the rat race was for rats.Instead of getting a solid employed 9-to-5 snooze fest , we started our own businesses.Rather than go for a new fancy car , a new fancy house , a new fancy anything , we went on a long , arduous trip to South Africa.No kids , no mortgages , no once-a-year 7-day vacation to Hawai’i . We feel so much more at peace here . More genuine . More us.This directly ties in with my fitness journey . I have the best physique I ’ve ever had in my 23 years . A six pack is budding , I am leaner than before , and I do kickass things with bodyweight calisthenics . I eat to feel awake , get plenty of sun , and enjoy life more overall.Now the tough part : Going back to Oregon.Let ’s see if I can keep this lifestyle up!J . D. Lyda is the most passionate health and fitness writer in the world . Check out his site to see how he creates engaging articles and kickass social media . Feel free to contact J. D. Lyda to see if he can rep out consistent , quality content for you . Follow him on Instagram for his personal fitness and nutrition .	How South Africa Impacted My Fitness & Lifestyle Journey
How to ( not ) ruin your lifeA few weeks before I graduated from college , I called the editor at the newspaper where I had signed-on to do an internship.I was over the moon when I got the spot , but then for reasons still not totally clear to me , I decided to move to Spain . “ You ’re ruining your life , ” the editor huffed . “ You ’re going to regret this . ” Before I could respond , he hung up.So , I went to Spain.I taught English . I learned Spanish . I drank a lot of red wine . I started taking my coffee black . I traveled . I got lost in Paris . I ended up in Ibiza with Australians I ’d met at a Barcelona hostel . I ate space cake in Amsterdam . I slept on a stranger ’s couch in Poland . I danced in a cave with Senegalese immigrants as the sunset over the Alhambra . I stayed in a 200-person tent in Munich . I made new friends and fell out of touch with some old ones . I missed home . I decided to move to Mexico.For being 25 years old , I like to think I ’ve done a few things . But one thing I ’ve never done is regret backing out of that internship.I had wanted to be a journalist for as long as I could remember , but when the time came to start my professional ( read : traditional ) career , I balked at the idea . It just did n’t seem right.I listened to my gut.Fortunately , I had supportive family and friends . They did n’t understand my decision 100 percent , but then again , neither did I. It was enough that they did n’t tell me I was making a giant mistake.One asshole telling me I was ruining my life was sufficient.When the editor hung up on me , I was definitely stunned . Like are you for real , dude ? Ruin my life ? It hardly seemed an appropriate response outside heroin addiction and 80s movies set in conservative towns where dancing is illegal.But , then I was happy he said it . Yes , HAPPY !! Like thank you so much crazy , mean editor man for trying to make me feel like shit . Because your cliched reaction made me realize something : I did n’t care what anyone thought.His comment did n’t make me second guess myself in the slightest . For the first time in my life , I was doing something for no other reason than because I wanted to do it.Not because my parents expected it of me.Not because it would impress my friends.Not because it would set me on the right career trajectory.Being true to myself did n’t ruin my life . It made it what it is.Hi , I ’m Alex ! After living in Madrid , Spain , for two years , I recently moved to Mexico . Tacos and sunshine , baby ! When I ’m not writing , I ’m reading , running or drinking red wine . For more of my writing , check out my blog : Backpacking Brunette .	How to ( not ) ruin your life
U.S. brokerages have a decision to make . Will they offer futures contracts tied to bitcoin -- the cryptocurrency viewed as a gold mine or bubble -- to clients ? TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. and Ally Financial Inc. ’s Ally Invest said they will offer the instruments to customers once they become available . Fidelity said it currently has no plans to do so . Other major firms declined to comment . Bloomberg began asking firms about their intentions in the weeks before CME Group Inc. and Cboe Global Markets Inc. announced Friday that they ’ve cleared hurdles to offer bitcoin futures . CME will start trading them Dec. 18 , while Cboe has n’t specified when it will begin . The Commodity Futures Trading Commission conferred with the exchanges as they set terms for the products , and the pair will work with the agency to keep tabs on the spot market for bitcoin . Public interest in the digital coin has exploded this year , at times driving prices beyond $ 11,000 . The new contracts promise to make it easier for mainstream investors to place bets on the volatile cryptocurrency ’s rise -- or collapse . “ What ’s exciting to us about it is it provides a two-sided market , ” JJ Kinahan , chief market strategist at Omaha , Nebraska-based TD Ameritrade , said in an interview last month . “ With natural buyers and sellers , that helps to put a more reasonable volatility on the product . ” Futures that are offered on a highly regulated exchange may offer more individual investors the chance to get involved in the bitcoin world without some of the risks associated with trading and holding the underlying asset . Many cryptocurrency exchanges are largely unregulated and some have suffered from security and technology lapses . “ Ally Invest customers have specifically expressed interest in the futures product the Chicago Mercantile Exchange is planning to launch that is based on bitcoin , ” Rich Hagen , the brokerage ’s president , said in an emailed statement Nov. 28 . “ If the CME does launch this product , Ally Invest plans to offer it to current and new futures customers immediately . ” Boston-based Fidelity does n’t currently have any plans to offer bitcoin futures trading for its brokerage customers , spokesman Steve Austin said . For clients who do trade or own cryptocurrencies , they can link with their Coinbase account and monitor their portfolio on the Fidelity site . Bank of America Corp. ’s Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley declined to comment on whether they will offer bitcoin futures . Before Friday , Charles Schwab Corp. and E * Trade Financial Corp. declined to comment . They did n’t respond to additional messages after the CME and Cboe announcements .	As Brokers Line Up to Offer Bitcoin Futures , Others Are Quiet
Each week I curate the best sites , articles , and podcasts I come across , if you ’re want to find out more about what I do visit my website or tweet me.Web Design InspirationThe best website and application designs I ’ve seen this week.DogstudioSmashing MagazineSuperFriendlyFieldRecommended MediaArticlesFund it Like it ’s HotNew Logo and Identity for Kickstarter done In-house in Collaboration with Order.Design Digest # 14News of the week about design , products and tools.Author — RiverCityVideosBooksHatching TwitterSince 2006 , Twitter has grown from the accidental side project of a failing internet start-up , to a global icon that by 2013 had become an $ 11.5 bn business . But the full story of Twitter ’s hatching has never been told before.Find Out MoreThe UpstartsTen years ago , the idea of getting into a stranger ’s car , or walking into a stranger ’s home , would have seemed bizarre and dangerous , but today it ’s as common as ordering a book online . Uber and Airbnb are household names : redefining neighbourhoods , challenging the way governments regulate business and changing the way we travel.Find Out More	Web Design Inspiration # 26
Three years ago , when the Rose Bowl last hosted a College Football Playoff semifinal , the game was able to keep at least some portion of its precious tradition . A stellar Marcus Mariota-led Oregon team earned the No . 2 seed following the 2014 season and ensured that a Pac-12 representative would play in Pasadena , only instead of the customary Big Ten opponent the Ducks faced ( and beat ) unbeaten Florida State . For the first time since the end of the 2001 season ( when Miami pounded Nebraska for the national title ) , both the Pac-12 and the Big Ten will watch the Rose Bowl from home , as Oklahoma and Georgia secured the committee ’s No . 2 and 3 rankings , respectively , and were sent west after top-seeded Clemson was given geographic preference and assigned the Sugar Bowl against Alabama . With just under a month until kickoff , consider this your first look at an unorthodox matchup that nevertheless has all the makings of a Rose Bowl classic . • Sugar Bowl preview : Who has the edge in the Clemson-Alabama rubber match ? How both teams got here Oklahoma : Simple : Nurture a walk-on quarterback into a Heisman favorite over four years , surrounding him with an endless supply of blue-chip weapons and a young , fearless coach who trusts him to make it all hum . So maybe the process is easier said than done , but after two seasons of spirited contention , the duo of quarterback Baker Mayfield and offensive coordinator turned head coach Lincoln Riley tore up Big 12 defenses at the helm of the nation ’s fourth-highest scoring attack , putting up 44.9 points per game . The Sooners stunned Ohio State in Week 2 to dispel their preseason doubters , then brought them all back with a shootout loss to Iowa State in October . When contenders in other conferences hit a wall in November , Oklahoma kept improving , cruising to double-digit wins in their final six games . Mayfield threw 18 touchdowns and just two interceptions in November . Georgia : Simple : Hire a Nick Saban assistant away from Alabama on the faith that he ’s one of the few coaches with the leadership skills to operate Saban ’s system outside of Tuscaloosa , and then find yourself proven right in just two years . Kirby Smart has gotten the most out of the Bulldogs ’ seasoned front seven and benefited from healthy campaigns from senior running backs Nick Chubb and Sony Michel to produce a 12 – 1 campaign in Year Two . After starting quarterback Jacob Eason went down with a knee injury in the season opener , true freshman Jake Fromm took the reins and piloted the offense to a nip-and-tuck road win over Notre Dame and emphatic Ws over the Bulldogs ’ SEC East competition . Georgia topped the initial playoff rankings but was promptly humbled by Auburn , only to get acceptable revenge last weekend with the SEC title on the line in Atlanta . Storyline you ’ll get tired of hearing about The best offensive player in the country ( Mayfield ) against the best defensive player in the country ( Bulldogs linebacker Roquan Smith ) . Mayfield likely will be riding post-Heisman hype and a wave of takes on his hyper-competitive , line-toeing personality ; Smith already has the Butkus Award , given to the nation ’s top linebacker , and could bring home the Nagurski and/or Bednarik ( each awarded to the nation ’s top overall defender ) soon . Few linebackers have the sideline-to-sideline speed to give Mayfield something to think about as he moves the pocket and darts around the field , but Smith has it in spades . Matchup to Watch Lorenzo Carter vs. Orlando Brown . Carter is second only to Smith among Georgia defenders with 4.0 sacks , and he ’s half of an imposing senior outside linebacker tandem with Davin Bellamy that will try to keep Mayfield from getting comfortable . But there ’s a reason Mayfield took to Twitter to express his frustration that his O-line was snubbed for the Joe Moore Award , given to the best line in the country . The Sooners have an experienced , imposing front five , anchored by their hulking redshirt junior left tackle Brown , who stands 6 ’ 8 ” and is listed at 345 pounds . Carter and Brown will see each other on Sundays after they square off in Pasadena . Underrated X-Factor Georgia ’s defensive backs . Rare is the team that has enough time to let downfield passing plays develop against Georgia ’s defense , which ranks second nationally behind Alabama with just 5.58 yards allowed per pass attempt . But Missouri ’s Drew Lock proved that big plays are there for the taking with enough time and the right athlete on the other end of the throw , and no quarterback on the regular season schedule was closer to what Georgia will see from Mayfield . The likes of J.R. Reed , Dominick Sanders and Deandre Baker will be tested ; can they hold up for four quarters ? Early prediction With little to separate either team four weeks out from the opening kick , it ’s tough to go against the player just days away from winning the Heisman Trophy . If Oklahoma ’s defense can find a big play or two , the pressure could mount quickly on Fromm and the Georgia offense to get points out of nearly every drive , putting the Sooners in control .	Rose Bowl 2018 Preview : A Way-Too-Early Look at Oklahoma-Georgia
If you have ever felt lost and disorganised and unsure of the next step in your creative journey , have you considered that clarity awaits in the great outdoors?I ’m going to admit that deciding to write about self-empowerment on my new blog was a bold move for me . It ’s a very grown-up topic . ( I still see myself as the zitty teenager spending hours holed up in my attic bedroom writing my first screenplay just for myself . ) I was n’t sure if that type of blog was the right step for me to take . I knew that if I put Self-Empowerment in my blog ’s tagline , I needed to be sure of what I was bringing to the table.Was it even the right term ? A friend of mine had said she found the word empowerment too strong and too emotive … Clarity in the great outdoorsI ’m certainly not a hiker or a camper . I do n’t have dreams of being a deep-sea diver , or willing to throw myself into some other crazy-adventurous activity so I can flood your instagram feed with pictures of me trying to prove a point . But simple walks in my neighbourhood ? Yes , please.I always underestimate the power of a simple walk . It never fails to be the right course of action for me when I need to clear my head , get some inner quietness , seek inspiration , or ( as was my case this morning ) get the restless toddler out of the house . Within minutes of my kid sitting in his stroller , and me placing a leaf in his hand , he was calm . A different child.We walked on , and I found more leaves with striking colours that began to speak to me . As I was showing them to my boy , I began to analyse what I liked about them . The gradience in the greens , browns , yellows . The way the colours ran into each other , yet each section still visibly separate . I recognised that each patch had a different part to play in their contribution to the physical form of the leaves.These leaves were moving on , too . Transitioning . And therein lay my a-ha ! moment . I am transitioning creatively . “ This is what you need to take your writing to the next level , ” the leaves said . ( Okay , they did n’t , but that is how I felt . ) I realised that even though blogging about self-empowerment through creativity is close to the kind of tales I want to tell , I do n’t need to put a Self-Empowerment label on my blog.Creativity is a powerful tool , state , and gift . I ’m going to leave the feelings I ’m hoping to invoke up to the readers . With that in mind , my new tagline for my blog is simply : For Creatives &amp; Creativity-Seekers . It were as though I had subconsciously asked nature to show me where I am in my creative journey.The photograph that I took of the leaves mirrors the colours of my transition . It were as though I had subconsciously asked nature to show me where I am in my creative journey . After that walk , I felt a block lift within . We all have blocks we need to lift otherwise we remain stuck . We do n’t grow — as creatives , and as people . There ’s nothing inspiring , glorious or empowering about stagnation.If you want to spend more time outdoors , it does n’t have to be strenuous , challenging or costly . Consider a trip to the beach , a couple hours of fruit-picking , Tai Chi in the park , camping in your backyard … ( I ’ll stick to walks around my neighbourhood if you do n’t mind . ) We all have blocks we need to lift otherwise we remain stuck . We do n’t grow — as creatives , and as people . There ’s nothing inspiring , glorious or empowering about stagnation.Whatever you choose , you may be surprised at the sort of answers or thought-seeds that nature can plant in your mind . It seems far-fetched that nature can offer a helping hand when it comes to our creative thoughts , or that it can whisper affirmatives into our ears when we have questions about our next creative step . I continue to be surprised by it.Sometimes , you ca n’t explain how nature plays a partAn unusually beautiful butterfly crosses your path , or sunbeams pierce a cloudscape right when you are feeling down — and you suddenly get a knowing feeling that what you are doing is the right thing . You know the feeling I mean . Your intuition kicked in . If you then try to explain to someone that the butterfly or the sunbeams support your choice , they ’re probably not going to go for it . That ’s okay , because the only person you need to worry about when going for something — hitting that next creative goal — is YOU.Can you remember a time when you felt you were transitioning creatively ? Or if you ’ve experienced a time when nature bailed you out of a creative rut?Photo by Jennifer SandoAre you a creative or are you looking to become more creative in your lifestyle ? You can subscribe to my newsletter here .	When Nature Supports Your Creative Journey
The US Senate is reportedly considering a bill to outlaw the concealment of ownership of digital currency accounts by American citizens domestically and abroad.The Senate Judiciary Committee says existing anti-money laundering ( AML ) laws need to be modernized . The bill will amend the definition of ‘ financial account ’ and ‘ financial institution ’ to include cryptocurrencies and digital exchanges . Experts warn that if the law is passed , it will likely have far-reaching effects for digital currencies ’ users both in the US and abroad . “ It ’s bad … I think it ’s going to end in a very confrontational way between bitcoin — even bitcoin holders and users — and the US Government , ” said cryptocurrency analyst and a 10-year Wall Street veteran Tone Vays . The issue of virtual currencies is interesting , according to John A. Cassara , board member of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies . “ I ’m just glad I had my career when I did because I do n’t know what I ’d do trying to follow the money when it comes to digital currencies , it ’s extremely , extremely challenging … I think if you look at the metrics , the metrics suggest today [ that ] digital currencies are a small fraction of the threat that we face ... , ” he said in his testimony during the bill hearing . “ We ’re right at a crossroads , and it ’s going to be very , very interesting to see what goes forward , ” Cassara added . According to media reports , the White House has been actively monitoring cryptocurrencies and ramping up regulatory policies toward them . In June , New York Representative Kathleen Rice asked the government to research the role of virtual currencies in terrorism . The US Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) has ruled that digital coins and tokens from ICOs are considered securities and must be subject to federal securities laws . That means it will be not as easy for US companies to hold an ICO or for US citizens to participate as they have to be registered and comply with securities laws .	US moves to criminalize non-disclosure of virtual currency ownership
Often I wonder how much more of myself should I give to be well-received . What else is left to suffice?This isnt the first time we were asked to rate one another . This isnt the first time we were , albeit imaginary , segregated based on our results . Each chance felt different . . or does it?In both times , im on the “ good side . ” Last week , I had 7 marks telling me I can do better ; in my head they say I am wanting . “ Do better . ” As if I have n’t done so yet . As if there will be another shot to make up . But is there , really?Maybe . Maybe that was a question to feed my ego.Maybe it was n’t . Maybe this time it ’s a hope for a second try … to just do and just be . To give freely . Without expectation . Without conditions . Maybe now its about how I feel giving . Maybe that ’s where ego and expectation ca n’t reach . Maybe it was a feeling I refused to recognize . It was calm . It was peaceful . It was enough.And while numbers may change , its true they say that love is n’t blind but it would n’t mind . Numbers were better , but this time it did n’t matter .	On The Other Side
KNIGHTSBRIDGE NOZOMI NOW IN BIRMINGHAMNo need to travel to London as the world - renowned Nozomi has opened its doors in Birmingham . Nested in the city center , it is set to excite the luxury lifestyle scene differentiating itself by offering acclaimed contemporary Japanese cuisine and crafted cocktails , all delivered with impeccable service in Nozomi ’s signature ambiance.Located on Fleet Street , the restaurant welcomes guests at the gates of its underpass that provides a sense of privacy . Signature red bricks , black window rims are all part of the original character of this listed building , while the contemporary interior creates its own ambience . The garden terrace enjoys plenty of natural light that plays with metallic and taupe details of the design.The hot spot boasts 108 covers , an additional outside garden for guests , a private dining room and finally , a luxurious bar/lounge which has bartenders working from award winning cocktail concepts from around the world to satisfy the discerning jet-setters . Nozomi Birmingham introduces the city to the brand ’s unique fusion of entertainment and food . Restaurant ’s izakaya-style Japanese cuisine is expected to win over experienced palates with its signature Black Cod , Nozomi Tarabagani and succulent Duck Maki Roll.Mixologists craft reinvented and experimented with sake to enhance the classic like Nozomi ’s own “ old-fashioned ” and to further shake things up with mouth-watering Watermelon known as “ Delah ” . Nozomi is about providing a lifestyle experience with its unique music ethos , attention to detail for the service it delivers to the guests and exciting yet vibrant atmosphere . As well as the new Nozomi Birmingham , the brand is in Riyadh — Saudi Arabia , Doha - Qatar , Nicosia — Cyprus , with more locations set to open worldwide . Regarded as one of the top Japanese restaurants in the world , Nozomi &amp; # 39 ; s celebrity clientele include a rapidly growing roster of A-list clients together with millennial globetrotters who never compromise on quality and experience.Nozomi sources the very finest ingredients from all over the world . The emphasis is on creating simple , sharing dishes , and beautifully presented food.NozomiBirminghamFor our latest news , openings and updates visit www.nozomi-birmingham . com	NOZOMI NOW IN BIRMINGHAM
This article originally appeared on VICE ArabiaJust a few hours after Mohammed Atta Lafi 's death in July 2015 , posters with his portrait were plastered around his home in the Qalandiya refugee camp , near Jerusalem . The 19-year-old was a Palestinian fighter with the al-Aqsa Martyrs ' Brigades – local media claim he was beaten and killed during an Israeli raid on the camp.Walking down any street or alley in Palestinian cities , they 're hard to miss – posters commemorating Palestinians ( combatants and non-combatants ) who died as a result of the state 's ongoing conflict with Israel . These so-called " martyr posters " are everywhere – on shop windows , on people ’s front doors , on monuments and on public buildings . Mohammed Atta Lafi 's poster . The practice began some time in the 1970s . At the time , the prints were drawn by hand and showed the deceased alongside other symbols of the fight – the Palestinian flag and military slogans like " Revolution until victory " and " The people 's martyrs are paving the road to liberation " . By the late 1980s – as Palestine launched its first large scale uprising against the presence of Israeli forces in the West Bank and Gaza – the posters were printed on a much larger scale with local presses , and they suddenly started popping up everywhere in the region . The Israeli government considered them a tool of recruitment and propaganda and subsequently banned production and circulation of the posters . But even though designers could land in prison for creating them , that measure hardly slowed down production . " After the signing of the 1993 Oslo Peace Accord , Palestinians were allowed to open private printing presses without Israeli supervision , " says Muhammad Abu Latifa , a prominent member of Qalandiya camp 's governing body . " As they no longer worried about Israelis tracing the source , more posters were produced than ever before . ” A poster in the Jalazone refugee camp , north of Ramallah.According to one designer who worked on posters in a printing press – who agreed to speak with me on the condition of anonymity – the design process has changed considerably in the last couple of decades . Gradually , the Palestinian flag was replaced by more specific political images – like that of the region 's former president Yasser Arafat or particular texts from the Quran . The posters also started featuring the logo and colours of the political movement the fighter had belonged to . “ For example , the images on posters of Hamas supporters might include the group 's founders Ahmed Yassin and Abdel Aziz al Rantisi , as well as green , which is their signature colour , ” he said . The posters are plastered on shop fronts and homes in many Palestinian towns . Not everyone in Palestine supports the message the posters send . " During the first stages of the Palestinian revolution , people saw the posters as a way of immortalising the individual and their actions , " explained Dr. Walid Al Shurafa , a professor of Media and Journalism at Berzeit University in the West Bank . " But these days , some communities use the tradition to romanticise the conflict . An example of that is the fact that recent posters often feature a lot of weapons . " Dr. Al Shurafa also believes that some political movements use them to push their own agenda . “ Some factions that have lost a lot of national influence , pay for these posters and cover them with their own imagery just to stay relevant . " The posters often contain images of weapons , along with the logo and colours of the person 's political allegiance . By the start of the second Palestinian uprising in September of 2000 , Palestinian fighters got into the habit of designing their own posters – selecting the portrait , accompanying text and colour scheme before going to their deaths . Mahdi Abu Ghazele , a former leader of the al-Aqsa Martyrs ' Brigades , remembers the day his friend Fadi showed him the design he had picked – a photo of himself standing next to an array of homemade bombs . After Fadi ’s death in June 2006 , at the age of 30 , Mahdi had the poster printed . Watch : Rebel Rabbis : The Ultra-Orthodox Jews Who Want to See Israel Dismantled . Ghazi Bin Ode , who works for MADA , the Palestinian Centre for Development and Media Freedoms , claims that Israeli military forces are still shutting down printing presses that print these posters in the West Bank , confiscating equipment and supplies . In 2016 , MADA reported that seven printing presses across Palestine were broken into , and four were permanently shut down . But it seems like the main reason these posters might disappear from Palestinian streets in the near future will not be Israeli enforcers , but social media . Young Palestinian fighters are increasingly more interested in being remembered online , rather than on walls and shop windows . It 's hard to tell what the future will look like , but it 's safe to say that online these posters will be even harder to ban or eliminate .	A Brief History of Palestinian ' Martyr Posters '
With Travel CardAfter letting you all know we were starting to work on a new way to make your life easier with our new Travel Card , we ’re happy to announce the big day has finally arrived . Our newest addition to the Lunar Way family officially comes to life today.This is great news for anyone who ’s planning a holiday as well as for those of you who love shopping online in foreign web shops.Our Travel Card eliminates the need to worry about bad exchange rates , high ATM fees and unreasonable transaction fees.If you ’re thinking of chasing some sun in a warmer part of Europe or if you ’re more into a warm winter coat from Asos or Amazon suited for the Danish weather — Travel Card is your perfect companion.What are the benefits of using the Lunar Way Travel Card?Flexible — You ’re able to switch the currency of your card instantly from within the Lunar Way app . Rather than penalize you for traveling , we adapt to your needs . Currently you can switch between USD , EUR , DKK , SEK , NOK and GBP . We ’ll be adding even more currencies over time — so stay tuned!Convenient — You can quickly and easily add money to your Travel Card in your existing Lunar Way app . This means you do n’t need to travel with large amounts of cash , eliminating the risk of losing your money.Secure - You can control functions , and get immediate support from our friendly team here in Denmark , all from within the app no matter where you are in the world.Cost Effective — At just DKK 299 per year , you ’ll recoup the cost and be making savings in no time.With Travel Card you get : 0 % in transaction fees0 DKK in ATM feesEUR , USD , SEK , NOK og GBP ( more to come ) 1 ’ st class support ( around the world ) Save money while shopping from homeIt ’s not only when you ’re out traveling that Travel Card will benefit you . Your Travel Card can save you money when you ’re buying from online shops in other countries as well — which means you ’ll be saving money from home as well . Simply convert your card to the store ’s native currency and you ’ll avoid paying additional transaction fees.In fact , purchase from any site where the native currency is available and you ’ll save money . So whether it ’s Christmas , a loved one ’s birthday , or you simply feel like treating yourself , it all just got cheaper.Get yours today — It ’s easyNot already a Lunar Way user , then why not ? Do n’t you realize how great our app is 😁 Seriously , it ’s really simple to sign up , just download the app and follow the steps . Our design team spent a lot of time making sure you do n’t have to.You will then have access to all the features and benefits of being a Lunar Way user , including being able to instantly order your Travel Card from within the app.Existing users simply need to open the Lunar Way app and order the Travel Card from within the app . We ’ve made it really quick and easy to do.Whether you travel to relax , explore , or work , we make it easier.Lunar Way — Make Money Matter	Spend like a native
Wharton Finance Professor Jeremy Siegel predicts that President Donald Trump ’s sweeping tax reform will boost the Dow Jones industrials to 25,000 and turbocharge corporate earnings by 8 percent . However , he warns savvy investors that political uncertainty and inflation fears could increase stock market volatility in 2018 . " As we get to these thousands , of course , each is a smaller increment . I think right now , we 're only three percent from 25 – the next thousand on the Dow , " Siegel said Friday on CNBC 's " Trading Nation . " The S&amp;P 500 has risen about 18 percent this year on strong corporate earnings and solid economic growth and also on hopes that Trump ’s agenda of corporate tax cuts and looser regulations could come through , Reuters reported . " The corporate tax cut is particularly what I think the market wants , " Siegel told CNBC . That could boost earnings by 8 percent or so , and that 's a positive for stocks . " He warns that returns will slow in 2018 to about 5 to 10 percent . " It 's my expectation next year is not going to be anywhere as easy as this year in the markets , " he said . " We 're moving up to full valuation . It does n't mean that means there 's going to be a break in the market , a bear market or anything like that . But what are you up -- 15 to 20 percent or more this year ? That 'll be harder to come by in the future , " he said . For its part , the Trump tax-cut reductions will boost economic growth by around 0.3 percentage point for next year and 2019 , according to estimates by Goldman Sachs Group Inc . With the Senate passing legislation on Saturday that matched the House of Representatives in including up to $ 10,000 in state and local property-tax deductions , that eliminated " the most important political difference between the bills before the conference negotiations start , " Goldman economists led by Jan Hatzius in New York wrote in a note , Bloomberg reported . " We expect the final structure of the bill to reflect more of the Senate bill than the House bill , including a 20 percent corporate tax rate effective in 2019 , " the Goldman analysts wrote . While that ’s down from 35 percent today , considering the expected package more broadly , the effective corporate tax rate will come down by " only a couple of percentage points , " Goldman said . The median estimate of economists surveyed by Bloomberg is for the U.S. economy to expand 2.5 percent next year and 2.1 percent in 2019 , after 2.2 percent growth in 2017 . Meanwhile , Siegel also cautioned investors to keep a wary eye on the Federal Reserve . " Is the Fed going to be much more aggressive as that unemployment rate keeps on going down ? Will they have to tighten ? And that will definitely put a pause , " Siegel said . " How will the Republicans do in the midterm elections ? Will they hold the Senate ? Will they hold the House ? That 's why it 's more urgent go get what you think is right done now . " To be sure , U.S. stock futures pointed to a solid open for Wall Street on Monday after the U.S. Senate passed its version of a tax overhaul bill , bringing closer to reality Trump ’s promise of cutting corporate taxes to spur growth . The Senate on Saturday approved their version of tax bill in a narrow 51-49 vote . The Senate and House of Representatives will reconcile their respective versions before it becomes a law . Wall Street indexes ended lower on Friday amid concerns over developments in a probe into Russia ’s alleged involvement in the U.S. presidential election . ( Newsmax wires services contributed to this report ) .	Jeremy Siegel : Trump Tax Reform Will Boost Earnings , Push Dow to 25,000
NEUROBLASTOMA is a rare form of cancer that mostly affects babies and young children . Football mascot Bradley Lowery , who captured the hearts of the nation , lost his battle against the disease earlier this year . Here 's all you need to know about the condition ... SWNSWhat is neuroblastoma ? Neuroblastoma is a type of cancer that develops in nerve cells that have been left behind from their development in the womb . It usually develops in the adrenal glands next to the kidneys but can also form in the spinal cord , neck , chest , pelvis or abdomen and is able to spread to other organs . It is unknown what causes the cancer but it affects around 100 children in the UK every year with many of them under five . The outlook for children diagnosed with the condition varies and mainly depends on if the cancer has spread . What are the signs and symptoms of neuroblastoma ? The early signs and symptoms of neuroblastoma can be very hard to spot , especially in young babies as they can be mistaken for other common conditions . However , according to NHS Choices , signs and symptoms of neuroblastoma include : A swollen painful tummy Constipation Breathlessness Difficult swallowing A lump in the neck Blue lumps on the skin and bruising Fatigue , weakness and bone pain Jerky eye and muscle movements How can neuroblastoma be treated ? There are five main treatments for neuroblastoma and doctors will decide which course of action to take based upon how advanced the disease is . One option is surgery to remove the cancer and another is chemotherapy to try and kill the cancer cells . Other treatments include radiotherapy , a stem cell transplant and immunotherapy . PA : Press AssociationWho was Bradley Lowery ? Bradley Lowery was a six-year-old boy from Blackhall Colliery , near Hartlepool , who fought cancer most of his young life . Battling Brad beat the disease once but after some time in remission it came back in July 2016 . On July 7 his parents announced the sad news that their much-loved little boy has lost his fight with the terrible condition . The Sunderland fan ’s life changed at the age of 18 months when he was diagnosed with neuroblastoma . A tumour was found above his left kidney and it quickly spread . In June 2017 , the devastated mum posted a heartbreaking picture of the pained youngster with his older brother – as she revealed he was “ deteriorating fast ” . And by the end of the month , Bradley had just days to live – but was still putting on a brave face , having a “ bed party ” where he said goodbyes to loved ones before snuggling up with Jermain Defoe . Any money raised which did not go towards Bradley ’s treatment will be put into the Bradley Lowery Foundation , to support others with the illness .	What is neuroblastoma ? The signs and symptoms of the cancer Bradley Lowery battled that affects babies and young children
I have a big story with a book ‘ Religious zionism of Rav Kook ’ . I would like to recommend to read this book to the people who is close in any ways to Israel not even to Judaism . Also it would be informative for people who interested in the history.Originally it was written in Russian by Pinhas Plonsky teacher in Ariel University of Israel.some part ’s from a bookRabbi Kook was a poet by nature , not a university professor . Thus , he believed that mysteries are explained only by other mysteries . This approach makes a systematic study of Rabbi Kook ’s philosophy difficult . In the following chapter , we will attempt to outline Rav Kook ’s philosophy in more concrete terms.Example 2 : The Integration of Sparksfrom AtheismWe will now examine a different example , one that may appear shocking at first , but that nevertheless fits within Rabbi Kook ’s overall model for approaching secular ideologies . Specifically , we will apply the system described above to atheism . We will attempt to carry out the process of extracting a spark of Divine light and furthering the development of Judaism by means of atheism.Rav Kook writes , Atheism displays the power of life . Therefore , the real spiritual heroes extract sparks of great kindness from their atheism and turn its bitterness into sweetness . ( Arfilei Tohar , § 120 ) The destructive wind of disbelief will purify all the filth that gathered in the lower realm of the spirit of faith … all will grow in purity and strength , in supernal holiness , from the firm , pure exalted kernel , which no negativity can affect . Its light will shine as a new light upon Zion with a wondrous greatness . ( Shemona Kevatzim 1:476 , Orot haTehiyah , ch . 51 , p. 199 ) Atheism , according to our model , fully qualifies as an outside “ ism . ” It stands in opposition to Judaism , it displays the banner of rejection of religion , yet Jews join its ranks in significant numbers , proclaiming its morality and worth.At the beginning of the twentieth century , “ Judaism ” and “ Zionism ” were not only contradictory , but in many ways hostile to one another . At that time , the slogan of secular Zionism was “ we will become a nation like all others . ” This entailed , in particular , the abandonment of religious principles as a basis for Jewish self-identification in favor of a civil-national identity . Because of this , many rabbis condemned secular Zionism as an attempt to destroy the Torah and traditional Judaism.read here or buy in amazon	Rav Kook . Israel . Zionism .
You 've never seen a PC like HP 's Omen X Compact Desktop . It 's a powerful gaming rig , and it 's small enough to do double duty as a pseudo console under your TV . But it also has a built-in battery . And when attached to HP 's revamped VR backpack accessory and its mixed reality headset , you can experience high-end virtual reality in a completely new and freeing way . The only problem ? The entire package will cost you close to $ 3,500 . That puts it far out of reach for the vast majority of gamers , even those who do n't mind shelling out for the latest hardware . HardwareTrue to its name , the Omen X Compact Desktop is sleek and relatively portable . On its own , it weighs 5.5 lbs -- lighter than popular gaming notebooks from Alienware and Razer . The desktop also shares the same aesthetic as HP 's Omen 15 and Omen X laptops . It 's got a sharp , angular design with a stylish black case and red accents . It makes a statement on its own , but it really shines when you place it in the bundled dock , which turns it into a monument to PC gaming.The dock gives you an easy way to connect the desktop to your workspace , and quickly remove it , without having to deal with plugging in cables . The front features two USB 3.0 ports , as well as USB-C . While the back has another 3 USB connections , an ethernet jack , as well as DisplayPort and HDMI . There 's also a power connection for recharging the batteries from HP 's VR backpack.The compact desktop , meanwhile , has two USB ports up top , USB-C , HDMI , MiniDisplayPort , a headphone jack , and , conveniently enough , a power connection for the HTC Vive headset . On top of that , there are also two USB ports along the lower side of the desktop . There 's no SD card slot on the the computer or its dock , which seems like a surprising omission for such a fully featured setup.As for HP 's Mixed Reality headset , it 's in line with what we 've seen from other Windows VR gear . It 's relatively light and , most importantly , easy to put on and take off . There 's a liberal amount of padding around the face area and head band , which insures a comfortable fit . There also are n't too many straps to mess with : you just loosen the headband with a rear dial , and tighten it once you 've put it on . Thankfully , you can flip the visor portion up , allowing you to see the real world without removing the entire devices . That 's one of the more useful features we 've seen from Mixed Reality devices.Each of the headset 's lenses features a 1,440 by 1,440 resolution at 90Hz -- the same specs we 've seen on most Windows Mixed Reality headsets . There 's a headphone jack along the bottom ( you 'll have to supply your own ) , as well as a short built-in cable . The latter is particularly helpful , since it lets you use a long cable to connect to the dektop normally , but you can also swap it out for a shorter cable to use with the backpack.As you 'd expect , HP also includes two mixed reality controllers . Each features a large sensor ring for spatial tracking , as well as a thumbstick , and a trackpad that can also be recognized as four separate buttons . There are also the usual things we see on every VR controller these days : trigger and grab buttons , along with menu and home options.Tying all of these new gaming devices together is HP 's VR backpack , which is meant to let you experience virtual reality without being tied down to a large desktop . It sports padded straps and a plastic panel , which the Compact Desktop slides onto securely . It also has two side holsters for battery packs . HP includes four batteries with the backpack , so you can keep one pair charged while you 're using the other.Performance and battery lifePCMark 7PCMark 8 ( Creative Accelerated ) 3DMark 113DMark ( Sky Diver ) ATTO ( top reads/writes ) HP Omen Compact Desktop ( 2.9Ghz-3.9 GHz i7-7820HK , NVIDIA GTX 1080 [ overclocked ] ) 7,040 N/AE21 ,786 / P19 ,286 / X9 ,14434,0943.1 GB/s / 1.65 GB/sHP Omen 15 ( 2.8 GHz Intel Core i7-7700HQ , NVIDIA GTX 1060 ) 6,7276,436 E14 ,585 / P11 ,530 / X4 ,41720,6591.7 GB/s / 704 MB/sASUS ROG Zephyrus ( 2.8 GHz Intel Core i7-7700HQ , NVIDIA GTX 1080 ) 6,0307,137 E20 ,000 / P17 ,017 / X7 ,79331,6243.4 GB/s / 1.64 GB/sAlienware 15 ( 2.8 GHz Intel Core i7-7700HQ , NVIDIA GTX 1070 ) 6,8477,100 E17 ,041 / P16 ,36520,8122.9 GB/s / 0.9 GB/sAlienware 13 ( 2.8 GHz Intel Core i7-7700HQ , NVIDIA GTX 1060 ) 4,6924,583 E16 ,703 / P12 ,77624,4601.78 GB/s / 1.04 GB/sRazer Blade Pro 2016 ( 2.6 GHz Intel Core i7-6700HQ , NVIDIA GTX 1080 ) 6,8846,995 E18 ,231 / P16 ,34627,0342.75 GB/s / 1.1 GB/sASUS ROG Strix GL502VS ( 2.6 GHz Intel Core i7-6700HQ , NVIDIA GTX 1070 ) 5,1326,757 E15 ,335 / P13 ,98525,9762.14 GB/s / 1.2 GB/sHP Spectre x360 ( 2016 , 2.7 GHz Core i7-7500U , Intel HD 620 ) 5,5154,354 E2 ,656 / P1 ,720 / X4443 ,7431.76 GB/s / 579 MB/sLenovo Yoga 910 ( 2.7 GHz Core i7-7500U , 8 GB , Intel HD 620 ) 5,8224,108 E2 ,927 / P1 ,651 / X4383 ,8691.59 GB/s / 313 MB/sRazer Blade ( Fall 2016 ) ( 2.7 GHz Intel Core-i7-7500U , Intel HD 620 ) 5,4623,889 E3 ,022 / P1 ,7684,0081.05 GB/s / 281 MB/sRazer Blade ( Fall 2016 ) + Razer Core ( 2.7 GHz Intel Core-i7-7500U , NVIDIA GTX 1080 ) 5,4154,335 E11 ,513 / P11 ,49016,7631.05 GB/s / 281 MB/sASUS ZenBook 3 ( 2.7 GHz Intel Core-i7-7500U , Intel HD 620 ) 5,4483,911 E2 ,791 / P1 ,5603,0131.67 GB/s / 1.44 GB/sRazer Blade Stealth ( 2.5 GHz Intel Core i7-6500U , Intel HD 520 ) 5,1313,445 E2 ,788 / P1 ,599 / X4263 ,4421.5 GB/s / 307 MB/sThe Compact Desktop is actually made out of laptop hardware . It 's powered by an Intel Core i7-7820HK CPU , which is unlocked to make it easier to overclock . It also features NVIDIA 's GTX 1080 notebook GPU ( overclocked out of the box ) with 8 GB of video RAM . Additionally , the Compact Desktop packs in 16 GB of DDR4 memory and a 1 TB SSD . Clearly , HP did n't skimp on components -- this thing can easily take on full-sized gaming rigs.In Gears of War 4 running in 4K with high settings , it managed an impressive average framerate of 56 FPS . Stepping down to 1,440 p , it reached 90 FPS with Ultra settings , and 121 FPS in 1080p . Basically , it 'll handle every modern game without trouble . Given its diminutive size , it could also serve as a home theater PC that can blow away the latest 4K ready consoles , like the Xbox One X and PlayStation 4 . ( Of course , that should be expected when it costs five times as much . ) The desktop also has a built-in battery , which lasted 1 hour and 10 minutes while running the PC Mark 8 benchmark . Clearly , it 's not something you 're meant to use unplugged for very long . It 's still convenient though , since it means you can connect the Compact Desktop to the VR backpack accessory , and swap out extra external batteries , without shutting it down . That 's a simple thing you ca n't do with other VR backpack systems.Devindra Hardawar/AOLUsing virtual realityIn desktop mode , HP 's mixed reality headset was a cinch to set up . All you have to do is plug in an HDMI and USB cable . There are n't any sensors to install , like with the Oculus Rift and Vive . Everything on Microsoft 's VR platform relies on built-in sensors , instead.When you put on the headset , you 're thrown into the Windows Mixed Reality Portal , which is where all of the VR magic happens . You 'll be asked how you want to use your headset : in walking mode , which replicates the room-scale VR we 've seen on the HTC Vive , or sitting and standing in place . If you choose the latter , you can immediately start moving around Microsoft 's virtual living room and testing out mixed reality apps . If you want to walk around VR environments , though , you 'll need to clear out nearby furniture and trace a virtual boundary using the headset first . It 's all meant to keep you from bumping into your desk and nearby walls.Compared to the virtual living rooms from Oculus and HTC Vive , which serve as a home base for everything you 're doing in VR , Microsoft 's feels comfortable . And even though there are only 60 virtual reality apps in the Windows Store so far , including notable entries like Superhot and Arizona Sunshine , there 's still plenty to do . Superhot , feels just as smooth and immersive as it did on the HTC Vive . And since the headset is higher res , everything looked sharper as well . Watching trailers in the virtual screening room almost felt like I was in a theater . And it handled 360-degree videos well . The Star Wars Rogue One behind-the-scenes experience felt just as immersive as other headsets.Microsoft also wisely partnered with Valve to bring SteamVR over to Mixed Reality headsets . Steam automatically recognized HP 's model when I started it up , and I was able to hop into Rez Infinite . After playing for a while , though , it 's clear that Microsoft 's VR controllers are n't nearly as ergonomic as Oculus 's excellent Touch controllers . Hitting the trigger and grip buttons do n't feel very natural , and since they have straight handles , they do n't fit easily into the natural curve of your hands . Hopefully , that 's something Microsoft can fix with its next controllers.When it comes to HP 's backpack accessory , I was honestly surprised how much I enjoyed using it . It made diving into VR more immersive , since I did n't have to worry about getting tangled in any cables tied to a large desktop . Sure , the setup is a bit more involved : You 've got to attach the compact desktop , slide in the battery packs , and make sure everything is connected properly . The backpack feels surprisingly comfortable to wear , thanks to its padded shoulder straps and two front straps . The entire setup clocks in at 8.3 pounds , which is n't much more than what I typically lug around every day in my backpack.While playing Superhot , I was able to dodge bullets and take out bad guys far more easily , since I was free to move and bend in ways I could n't with a typical VR setup . Of course , there 's also the danger of hitting a wall and running into furniture . Even if you set up virtual borders , it 's easy to miss those when you 're swept up in the game world . And , oddly enough , you ca n't quickly set up new borders in backpack mode -- you can only do it in desktop mode with a monitor attached . So while you can conceivably take the entire VR backpack setup anywhere -- as I did around our offices -- you 're stuck using it without anything to warn you about walls or obstacles.HP claims each pair of batteries adds one hour of juice to the backpack setup , on top of what you get from its built-in power source . In my testing , 15 minutes of gaming typically used up around 10 percent of battery life . ( I was n't able to stay in VR long enough to drain the batteries completely . ) Of course , that timing will depend on what , exactly , you 're doing . Sitting back and watching a video , or just browsing the web , could stretch the battery life longer.But , I ca n't help but be a VR backpack sceptic . Wireless VR solutions are already here , and they 're only going to get better over the next year . VR backpacks are already an incredibly niche category , but it wo n't be too long until they 're completely unnecessary.If you want to use HP 's headset with the backpack , you 'll also have to pick up a $ 10 virtual display dongle . That 's due to an issue with Windows , which simply does n't spit out an image to mixed reality headsets unless it detects a connected display . While it would make more sense for HP just to include one of those adapters in the box , the company says it 's hoping Microsoft comes up with a software fix instead . Oddly , the backpack setup will work fine with an HTC Vive without that workaround.Pricing and the competitionThere are , of course , other VR backpack options on the market , like those from Zotac and MSI . They 're all bigger and clunkier than HP 's system , but at least they 're not as expensive . Zotac 's VR Go starts at $ 1,800 , and it includes both the desktop and backpack accessory . You 'll still need to add your own headset , though.Wrap-upKris Naudus/AOLUltimately , the Omen X Compact Desktop 's power and unique capabilities helps it stand out from the gaming crowd . HP 's mixed reality headset , meanwhile , is a solid entry into new territory , one that 's bolstered by Microsoft 's growing VR platform . And even though VR backpacks might not be around for long , and they 're certainly not something most people should consider , HP 's entry remains the best one we 've seen so far.This article originally appeared on Engadget at https://www.engadget.com/2017/12/04/hp-omen-x-vr-backpack-review/	HP ’s wearable VR system is an unnecessary luxury
Australia embarrassed England 's top order before Jimmy Anderson returned the favour under lights on an eventful third day of the pink-ball test at the Adelaide Oval . Steve Smith opted against enforcing the follow-on after his attack made a mockery of the tourists on Monday , rolling them for 227 . The hosts were 53-4 at stumps , holding a 268-run lead thanks in no small part to Nathan Lyon 's four-wicket haul plus precise pace bowling from Pat Cummins , Mitchell Starc and Josh Hazlewood . " The night sessions are the toughest time to bat , " Starc said . READ MORE : * Knox : Australia outsmart England * Limo ride for Black Caps after ' brilliant performance ' * Shaun Marsh shows mean streak " England have only done it for about 10 overs and if they want to win this test they 're probably going to have to do it twice . " We 're still very much in the driving seat . " Anderson found his mojo in an 11-over opening spell under lights that cost 16 runs and featured the dismissals of Cameron Bancroft and Usman Khawaja . England 's all-time leading wicket-taker also trapped Smith lbw for a duck , only for the skipper to successfully review Aleem Dar 's verdict . Three overs later , Smith was on six and unsuccessfully reviewed when he was trapped lbw by Chris Woakes . Lyon will resume alongside Peter Handscomb . The nightwatchman infuriated the tourists with what Woakes called " time wasting " tactics . Dar intervened when Joe Root , unimpressed with how long it took Lyon to recover from a blow to his thigh in the final over , confronted the unbeaten batsmen and needled them while everybody walked off . " A bit of time wasting . It 's within the rules , if we were in the same position I do n't see why we 'd try to do anything different , " Woakes said . " I ca n't blame them . " Starc quipped : " it 's never nice being hit by the cricket ball " . Despite a wagging tail and four quick wickets , England have little room for error as they seek to avoid a defeat that would severely loosen their grip on the urn . Only one team has battled back from 2-0 down to win an Ashes series , Don Bradman 's Australian side in 1936-37 on home soil . " We fought back well ... anything is chase-able really . It 's a good batting surface , " Woakes said . Root will likely regret his decision to bat first and England 's inability to turn the screws when Australia slipped to 209-5 early on day two . But his top order 's tumultuous start to an innings that spanned 76.1 overs will cause even more introspection . England started day three at 29-1 then crumbled to 142-7 before Craig Overton , on debut and batting at No 9 , embarrassed his teammates by finishing top-scorer with 41 not out . Lyon clutched an astonishing one-handed catch off his own bowling to remove Moeen Ali for the third time in the series , while he also dismissed Anderson , Alastair Cook and Stuart Broad to make it a world-best 55 scalps for the calender year . Root lasted just 10 deliveries , struggling to hide his disbelief after playing an expansive drive that resulted in a thick edge flying to Bancroft at third slip .	The Ashes : Australian top-order fails after Steve Smith opts not to enforce follow-on
What is the government 's obligation to veterans ? 12:14 Disabled veteran in benefit fight RAW 4:04 External Links Veterans Affairs Canada - Disability Payments ( Note : CBC does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links . ) Some of the biggest job cuts at Veterans Affairs in recent years have been in the disability awards branch — the division targeted in a recent auditor general 's report for taking too long to decide on the benefit claims of ex-soldiers . Departmental performance reports stretching back to 2009 show that roughly 897 positions have been eliminated across Veterans Affairs , with 33 per cent coming out of the section that administers pensions and awards . Those same records show the health and rehabilitation branches also took a sizable hit — roughly 372 positions during the same time frame . Commemorations , the division that celebrates past wars and maintains memorials , was reduced by 17.2 per cent , while internal services — Prime Minister Stephen Harper described it last week as " backroom administration " — lost 71 positions , just 10.1 per cent . Harper : Reductions do not hurt services " We have taken resources out of backroom administration from bureaucracy . We have put it into services , " Harper said Wednesday during question period . " There are more benefits and more money for veterans than ever before , and more points of service . That is called good administration , good government , and it is good service for the veterans of this country . " ' We have taken resources out of backroom administration from bureaucracy . We have put it into services . ' As late as Friday , the Harper government was continuing to insist the reductions , part of an overall effort to eliminate the federal deficit , were not coming at the expense of ex-soldiers . " We make no apologies for reducing bureaucratic expenses at Veterans Affairs Canada , " said Conservative MP Parm Gill , the parliamentary secretary to the minister , Julian Fantino . " The opposition wants to increase government bureaucracy . We are increasing front line support for Canada 's veterans . We recently announced eight new front line mental health clinics for Canadian veterans . While the NDP defends the unions , along with the Liberals , we are defending Canada 's veterans . " The majority of the staff cuts in the disability and death compensation branch took place between 2010 and 2013 . That section also underspent its budget allotment by $ 121 million , according to a 2013-14 departmental performance report . There 's a direct connection between the job cuts , the auditor general 's complaints about benefit application wait times and the $ 1.13 billion in budget allocations that have gone unspent since 2006 , said Liberal MP Frank Valeriote . You ca n't spend the money or process the applications if you do n't have the staff , said Valeriote , who accuses Harper of misleading Canadians by saying the cuts were administrative in nature . " It is indefensible , " he said . " Internal services , the backroom position of which the prime minister spoke on Wednesday when he said they 're in the backroom , the cuts were minor in nature . So , let 's make no mistake and let 's be very clear : He lied . " The Union of Veterans Affairs Employees confirmed the job loss numbers , but noted that there is a knock-on effect when disability claims are delayed , which can also contribute to lapsed funding . Other benefits , such as health care and re-establishment to civilian life , do n't kick in until a disability is approved . There was $ 33 million in underspending on that area in the last budget year . In 2013-14 , the department did over-spend on financial benefits for the mostly seriously wounded , including $ 7.9 million in the permanent impairment allowance , which has been the subject of criticism from the veterans ombudsman . Despite blowing that portion of their allocation , Veterans Affairs underspent its budget by $ 133 million in 2013-14 , the performance reports show . Third party investigation The union has revealed that it filed formal notice on Nov. 18 , demanding the government suspend further cuts until an independent third party can analyze the impact the staff reductions have had on services . " We want an independent body to determine whether Veterans Affairs is capable of carrying out its mandate , " said Carl Gannon , the union 's president . The union , a division of the Public Service Alliance of Canada , is currently in the midst of contract talks with the federal Treasury Board . Fantino faced multiple calls to step down last week , but Valeriote said he expects the Conservative strategy is to run out the clock on Parliament 's latest sitting and hope the anger blows over during the Christmas holidays . Spending on veterans15 : 42	Vets disability branch budget slashed between 2009 and 2013 , records show
How Google 's Programmable Doodle Marks 50 Years of Kids CodingIn 1967 , Logo was born.The revolution will not be televised . It 'll be sent to your inbox by us.Google wants to encourage more kids to learn how to write computer programs . Monday ’s “ doodle ” — a special logo design placed on Google ’s homepage — is the first one ever to feature a programmable game . The design is aimed at marking Computer Science Education Week , a global event that encourages classrooms to participate in an hour of coding . It also marks 50 years since the first kid-focused programming languages launched.The doodle allows users to program an animated bunny , using simple block-based commands to list out instructions on how it should move . It starts off simple , with just forward instructions , but then adds more complex options to help the rabbit navigate the maze and munch the carrots.It ’s exactly the sort of simple-to-learn interface that ’s helping kids worldwide get to grips with programming concepts . The doodle was built as part of a collaboration between three teams : the Google Doodle team , the team behind the Google Blockly block-based JavaScript interface , and the MIT Scratch team that provides easy-to-use tools to get kids involved with coding . Scratch uses easy-to-understand words in blocks similar to the Google Doodle , while Blockly takes these skills a step further by introducing a widely-used programming language into the mix.It ’s a sign of how far things have come compared to the early days of computer science learning tools . In 1967 , the Logo programming language launched aimed at teaching kids how to move a triangle “ turtle ” around to draw lines on a screen . Commands like “ FORWARD 40 ” may have made tough concepts easier to understand , but they were n’t quite as eye-catching as a brightly-colored bunny hopping around.Champika Fernando , a collaborator on the project at MIT that started learning how to code as a child during the eighties , shared her thoughts on how the doodle could inspire a new generation : This week , millions of people around the world can and will have their first experience with coding . It makes me happy to think of all of the nine-year-olds who will get their first coding experience playing with today ’s Doodle . My hope is that people will find this first experience appealing and engaging , and they ’ll be encouraged to go further . In some ways , it ’s very different from my first coding experience many years ago , but I hope it will be just as inspiring and influential for them . Google is encouraging those inspired by Monday ’s doodle to try out the Hour of Code logo project . Kids can use the starter project to try and build their own Google doodle , adding in backdrops and even playing sounds.It ’s not the first time Google has got experimental with its doodle . Last month , the world ’s largest search engine paid tribute to the hole punch with a fun animation of the tool in action .	Kids Coding Languages : How the Landmark Google Doodle Teaches Programming
Burnout is the worst . It robs you of your joy and prevents you from living your best life . You should ideally be happy and thankful for all that you have . But when you have one too many difficult days at the office things can start to pile up , and before you know it all the aggravation just does n’t seem worth it anymore . How can you recognize the signs of burnout before it ’s too late and take action to mitigate burnout ’s effects?Too much stress at work can lead to burnout , which shows itself in symptoms like irritability , changes in diet , changes in sleeping patterns , and lacking the motivation to keep showing up or to keep on working when you are there . If you let it go for too long it can lead to serious health problems like heart disease , high blood pressure , and depression.When you notice that you are feeling these things it ’s important to take a step back and reevaluate . Start by making sure you are getting plenty of sleep and getting regular exercise . Those are the cornerstones of your de-stressing regimen . Evaluate your priorities and look for ways to delegate tasks that feel like too much . Learn more about preventing burnout from this infographic !	How to Finally Overcome Burnout
The Pittsburgh Steelers and the Cincinnati Bengals are two entirely different teams this season . Pittsburgh , the class of the AFC North , is jockeying for one of the top two seeds in the AFC playoff picture . Cincinnati , on the other hand , is valiantly fighting to stay alive in the AFC post season race . Now , both teams will lock horns for an AFC North showdown during Monday Night Football at 8:30 p.m. ET . ESPN ( live stream ) will broadcast the action live from the Paul Brown Stadium . Time , TV channel , and streaming info Time : 8:30 p.m. ET Location : Paul Brown Stadium , Cincinnati TV : ESPN Streaming : Odds : Pittsburgh is favored by 5.5 points Steelers vs. Bengals News The Pittsburgh Steelers are 9-2 after defeating the Green Bay Packers on Sunday Night Football in Week 12 at Heinz Field , but the topic of discussion surrounding the team was n’t necessarily focused on the most recent game , but comments made by Mike Tomlin to Tony Dungy on NBC leading up to the prime time game . Tomlin and the Steelers have a Patriots problem It was Steelers receiver Antonio Brown who taped Tomlin ’s private , expletive-filled Patriots message to his team before last season ’s AFC championship game and posted it on social media for all to hear . NFL coaches think and say a myriad salty things in private , so that was amusing but not stunning . Rarely do NFL coaches actually plant such specific , look-ahead , opponent-oriented stuff so audaciously in public . The Cincinnati Bengals had a nice welcome home game against the Cleveland Browns in Week 12 . The Bengals returned to Cincinnati following a three-game road trip where the team went 1-2 , but they somehow came out on the other end with signs of life in the AFC playoff race . The Cincinnati Bengals are enjoying a resurgence , winning five of their last eight games to get back into the playoff hunt . However , they ’ve still got some major issues they need to correct to become a true playoff contender . Pro Football Focus released their grades for the Bengals versus Browns game , and it confirmed what we ’ve been seeing the past few weeks . Nick Vigil is n’t playing well . Steelers vs. Bengals prediction Want NFL news and interesting links in your inbox every weekday morning ? Rise ’n grind with us . Your email address By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy and European users agree to the data transfer policy .	Steelers vs. Bengals 2017 : Time , TV schedule for ' Monday Night Football '
3 weeks and 93 albums , this is recap # 16 of 26 . Discoveries1 . Too Much Music93 albums in 3 weeks might be too much to handle . Or at least too much to give albums a fair shake.That being said , two out of the five contenders were surprises , which seems to favor the idea that more music in a condensed period of time does n’t necessarily equal less focused listening.In fact , now that I really think about it , listening to that much music may actually lead to the best of it rising to the top . Inundating oneself with nearly constant sound may filter out the bland and the run-of-the-mill and allow for the brilliant to shine high above the rest . It certainly stresses necessity ; Multiple times during the final week of the “ P ” s , I wanted albums to end far sooner than they actually did.But I still wonder , in the same way that I wondered about sandwiched albums in the “ B ” s , if my ear discerns less when oversaturated . Perhaps there was a nuance that I missed in “ Pretty Hate Machine , ” because it was the 24th album I had listened to that week already.I ’m belaboring this point because , even if it does n’t seem like it , I am beginning to enter the final phase of this journey . I only have 10 more letters to go ( including Q , X , and Z , which should be sprints rather than marathons ) , I ’m only 13 albums away from reaching 100 contenders , and I ’m finding more and more ways to listen to more and more music . I only see myself pushing harder until I reach the finish line . So this issue of “ too much music , ” will continue to rear its head as more letters get crossed off . And how it affects my subjectivity will continue to be monitored .2 . Double Double DownBoth the Beastie Boys and Weezer join Sufjan Stevens and Green Day with 2 albums on the contender list . Eels and Kanye still reign with 3 a piece.Surprise ContendersThe Coup — Party Music : I was getting ready for work when , all of a sudden , this thick groove came in out of nowhere and knocked me on my ass . 54 minutes later , I had another contender.Janis Joplin — Pearl : It ’s not terribly surprising but I ’m not much of a blues fan , so there ’s that . Also , it ’s yet another album my father purchased for me that ended up on the list , so , well done dad!Surprise Non-ContendersHop Along — Painted ShutBlur — Parklife : Blur has n’t had a win yet on this quest . I thought this would be the one but the latter half of the album drags.Lit — A Place in the Sun : This still remains one of my favorite albums from the 90s and is a true “ dark horse ” of the alt-rock era . But I ca n’t . I just ca n’t . Top 100 Contenders from the “ P ” AlbumsThis is also reflected in the image at the top of the blog.The Coup — Party MusicBeastie Boys — Paul ’s BoutiqueJanis Joplin — PearlWeezer — PinkertonStone Temple Pilots — PurpleOdds and EndsTotal albums listened to : 1,277 Total contenders : 87Total weeks spent : 55Total PPP ( Pop-Punk Plethora ) albums listened to : 55 ( or 4.3 % ) Total Debut albums on the Top 100 list : 19 ( or 21.8 % ) Total +60 albums on the Top 100 list : 18 ( or 20.7 % ) Total PPP albums on the Top 100 list : 1 ( or 1.15 % ) Originally published at objectivesubjectivity.tumblr.com .	Objective Subjectivity or my quest to discover the Top 100 Albums of all time : “ P ” albums recap
Brussels ( AFP ) - The head of NATO on Monday praised embattled US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson for his " key role " in the North Korea crisis as rumours swirl that his position is under threat.Jens Stoltenberg insisted that a meeting of NATO foreign ministers in Brussels this week would not be distracted by doubts over Tillerson 's future.Anonymous White House leaks have suggested Tillerson could be out of a job within weeks and even while denying this on Friday , President Donald Trump reminded him : " I call the final shots . " Stoltenberg gave his backing to Tillerson 's efforts in tackling the crisis surrounding Pyongyang 's nuclear and ballistic missile tests . " Secretary Tillerson has played a key role , both in sending the message of deterrence , the unity and the resolve of the whole alliance , but also when it comes to the need for continuing to work for a peaceful solution , " Stoltenberg told reporters in Brussels.Trump has publicly criticised his top diplomat on the issue , saying Tillerson was " wasting his time " pursuing contacts with North Korea.Tillerson has dismissed reports that Trump aides want him to resign as " laughable " , but rumours are set to dog his diplomatic tour of Europe , which also includes visits to Paris and Vienna.North Korea will be high on the agenda at the NATO meeting after Pyongyang last week tested its most powerful intercontinental ballistic missile , which it says brings the whole of the continental United States within range . - ' No change whatsoever ' - Questions have been raised about whether the reported rift with Trump undermines Tillerson 's ability to negotiate with allies , but Stoltenberg said he had no concerns . " We have seen again and again that NATO and NATO ministers are able to focus on the core task , on the job we have to do , despite any speculations and rumours , and I am absolutely certain that this will be the case also now , " Stoltenberg said . " I am absolutely certain that all ministers -- including secretary Tillerson -- will focus on that task and be able to make important decisions . " Rumours about Trump and Tillerson 's fractious relationship came to a head on Thursday when several US media outlets -- citing White House sources -- predicted Tillerson 's resignation and replacement by CIA chief Mike Pompeo.Trump rejected the reports as " FAKE NEWS " in a tweet , but acknowledged the pair had policy differences.The US Ambassador to NATO , Kay Baley Hutchison , also insisted Tillerson still spoke for the president . " We have been working with Secretary Tillerson and his staff on this meeting for several weeks and there has been no change whatsoever , " she told reporters in Brussels on Monday.The North has staged six increasingly powerful atomic tests since 2006 -- most recently in September -- which have rattled Washington and its key regional allies South Korea and Japan .	NATO chief hails Tillerson role on N.Korea
Podcasting has existed since 2004 . Over the years , it has gained traction in education as both a learning and teaching tool . Educational podcasts have provided value to listeners over the years , but this article outlines three reasons to encourage teachers and/or students to create their own podcasts.Podcasting is StorytellingCrafting and telling great stories ( fiction or nonfiction ) relies on blending creativity with order . It is well known that students who read or listen to stories assimilate new ideas/information with their existing worldviews . By giving students the opportunity to actively listen to professionally made podcasts , they will begin to hone their listening skills ( over time ) , generate ideas for podcast content , and critically analyze viewpoints . When tasked with building their own podcast , students will draw upon these skills to craft and tell creative and strategically ordered stories .2 . Learning through CreationThe theory of constructivism states that “ people construct their own understanding and knowledge of the world through experiencing things and reflecting on those experiences . ” When students are encouraged to listen to podcasts , curate their own content , conduct interviews , edit sound clips , and share their final productions , they are applying design thinking principles and creativity skills . The skills and knowledge ( time management , resource management , communication , and technical expertise ) involved in making podcasts will directly benefit them in nearly any future project or career .3 . Learning on the GoWith the internet in our back pockets , we are constantly receiving information . The gradual increase in podcasts has meant that we can learn on the go while accomplishing other tasks . Students who are encouraged to listen and create podcasts might be more inclined to develop the habit of using their time ( e.g. while commuting , waiting in lines , etc . ) to hear new ideas through listening rather than default to social media scrolling , generally offering minimal creative or intellectual stimulation.SET encourages all academic organizations to consider creating podcasts for both sharing great stories and developing skill sets . We produce our own podcast on edtech and innovation and also sponsor and co-create the Lunch Duty Podcast . If you ’re interested in creating a podcast for your organization or would like to talk about launching one at your school , please email us at contactus@strategicedtech.comHappy Listening ( and creating ) !	3 Reasons for Creating Podcasts in Schools
The beta test for Monster Hunter : World will kick off this Saturday , Dec. 9 at 9 a.m. PT , Capcom confirmed today . The beta will end on Tuesday , Dec. 12 at 8:59 a.m. PT . PlayStation 4 owners who subscribe to PlayStation Plus will be able to take part in the weekend-long beta . The beta will be available for download starting Dec. 8 . Expect to allot 5.9 GB of free space on your hard drive . On the Capcom Unity blog , the publisher detailed what players can expect from the Monster Hunter : World beta in terms of content : The beta features 3 quests across 2 environments from the game . In the Ancient Forest , you can hunt a fierce yet beginner-friendly Great Jagras or as a more experienced player confront the mighty threat of an Anjanath . In the Wildspire Waste , a massive , dry expanse with swamplands , you can face off against the intermediate level mud-slinging Barroth . Those quests can be played solo or with up to three other players . The beta will include 14 different weapon types and access to the series new training room . Capcom said that players who complete quests in the beta will be rewarded with some “ useful bonus items ” in the full game . More details on the beta are at the game ’s website . Monster Hunter : World hits PS4 and Xbox One on Jan. 26 . A PC version is due later in 2018 . For more on the game , read Polygon ’s hands-on preview based on 14 hours spent with Monster Hunter : World .	Monster Hunter : World beta kicks off Dec. 9 , here are the details
Chances are wherever you ’re living is the place you want to be . An area that makes you happy . Offers the amenities and local attractions you desire . If you do n’t , I ’m sorry . How many of you would call the place where you live paradise ? Do you associate the country or city with paradise ? Is the beach your paradise ? Are your vacations reserved to having that description ? The dictionary defines paradise as an “ ideal or idyllic place or state ” . So if you are in your ideal place or state of mind , you are in fact , in paradise.Remote working works best when the person gets to choose where they are working from . There is a trend now to offer remote working as long as the person moves to the same city or general area of the company . What you are offering wo n’t work . Yes , the person will have freedom and flexibility . However , they wo n’t be able to enjoy it.Florianopolis , Brazil is a place many have referred to as paradise . Many but not me . I struggled even though I was surrounded by water and some of the best beaches in South America . While my fellow Roamers enjoyed surfing , scuba diving , an afternoon swim , paragliding , and horseback riding I did not . My energy levels were at an all time low and I had no desire to participate . It was not my paradise.Many people , including myself , have written about working from the beach . I have in the past . It was n’t this beach . For me , water is a noun . Not a verb . I enjoy looking at the water . Not being in it . That simply is n’t how things are done here . Instead of being on the water writing somewhere and taking calls I felt trapped in my townhouse across the street . It was my state of mind.I felt my creativity and excitement dropping . I had the opportunity to speak with people who differ from me greatly and found it fascinating to be able to learn what they see . It was as if I was blinded to their world . I felt myself working twice as hard to complete routine tasks let alone put the square peg in the round hole . Even more frustrating is when I would remind myself I ’m paying for this experience.This was all valuable for me to learn . It gave me the experience and insight needed to do my job better . I ’m also much more sympathetic to what is really going on inside the mind of someone who has relocated to another city or country.In a Forbes article , New Global Survey Shows Millennials Seeking ( Surprise ) Greater Stability , Victor Lipman writes and discusses the biggest challenges of the traditional office . While it tackles some important issues , it does n’t specifically address where stability comes from or in what form . Where the person lives could be the single greatest factor . For some having a home in the location of their choice provides the greatest stability . Others would find that a constraint . Stability for them comes in the form of being able to decide for themselves and not be told by their employer or client.No matter how great you think your city is for someone else it may not be their paradise . How are you prepared to handle this ? First , if you are requiring remote workers to live in your city not only are you hurting them you ’re hurting your bottom line and wasting your time . All the recruiting , scouting , background checks and recommendations mean nothing if the person is creatively blocked and emotionally hindered . Being in the wrong city will do it.Now the worker not only has the pressures of work , which many highly skilled employees thrive on , you have the pressure of what to eat , where you can eat , transportation differences , no familiarity , no comforts . It can turn not only small things into challenges but real changes into seemingly insurmountable odds.Never require a remote worker to live in your city . Never . You have taken away the exact elements that make them so great . You might as well strip their internet away too.Remember remote working is much more than freedom and flexibility . The same way you work to create an office environment and culture the remote worker has created their own . Would you ever allow someone to paint the colors of your walls , change the artwork , change the desk setup , and give away someone ’s office without careful consideration ? That is exactly what you ’re doing when you take a remote worker out of their environment . You ’re changing the office without asking.Because you ca n’t do it all yourself … . Melissa Smith , The PVA is the bestselling author of Hire the Right Virtual Assistant and host of theAdmin to VA Summit . Currently , she is traveling the world , 12 countries in 12 months , and providing remote work consulting to companies struggling to figure it out on their own . To learn more about working with a virtual assistant or to work with Melissa on your company ’s remote working plan contact her here .	Do You Know Why Not All Remote Working Actually Works ?
MOSCOW ( AP ) — A Moscow court on Monday ruled that a prominent theater and film director who is being investigate for fraud must remain under house arrest.Kirill Serebrennikov , arguably Russia 's best known director , was detained and put under house arrest in August in a criminal case that raised fears of a return to Soviet-style censorship.Serebrennikov 's plays have often been targeted by conservative circles , which dismiss his work as decadent and unpatriotic.The court ruled Monday Serebrennikov should stay under house arrest at least until late January , rejecting a plea for bail.Investigators have accused him of scheming to embezzle about $ 1.1 million in government funds allocated for one of his productions and the projects he directed between 2011 and 2014 . Serebrennikov has dismissed the accusations as absurd.Serebrennikov 's lawyer , Dmitry Kharitonov , told Russian news agencies on Monday that his client had petitioned the investigators to allow him to attend the premiere of the ballet " Nureyev " at the Bolshoi that he had directed . But the chances that Serebrennikov will be allowed to go to the Bolshoi are " negligible , " Kharitonov said.Tickets for " Nureyev , " which premiers later this month , went on sale last month and were sold out in a matter of hours .	Russian court keeps theater director under house arrest
Facebook is about to launch a standalone Messenger application just for kids . It ’s the messaging application some parents have undoubtedly been waiting years to see . Messenger Kids comes with built-in parental controls , which means parents will be able to decide what they ’re children see , and more importantly , what they do n’t . Unlike the regular Messenger app , the Kids version does n’t require the user — the child in this case — to have a Facebook account or phone number . Instead , parents need to log into their own Facebook accounts after downloading the mobile app to configure their kids ’ messaging experience . As Engadget explains , kids wo n’t even be able to add friends . Parents have to do it for them . And it only works if the parents of the kids who want to talk via Messenger Kids are friends on Facebook themselves . Parents can remove contacts from the app , and children ca n’t reinstate them . Kids can also block and report users themselves , and parents will find out about it . Facebook will monitor all reports and ban harmful accounts . This experience is tailored to devices that are given to kids , not the smartphones or tablets that parents use , which may already have a Messenger app installed . The app itself is visually oriented , as children tend to prefer real-time video chats , Facebook told Engadget . But text-based conversations are also possible , just like the regular Messenger app . Features like emoji , GIFs , stickers , selfie frames and even AR experiences are available inside the app . The application is available for preview in the US and will roll out to iPhone , iPad , and iPod touch initially . Android users will also get a version of the Messenger Kids at some point in the future .	Facebook made a Messenger app that ’s just for kids
A major risk for the market is the potential rise in U.S. inflation , warns Mark Haefele , Swiss bank UBS ’ global chief investment officer . “ That concern , which could push the Federal Reserve to tighten more aggressively , is shared by Deutsche Bank ’s strategists , along with the impact of the European Central Bank ’s tapering of its massive bond purchases , ” Barron ’s reported . Cutting the corporate tax rate to 20 % would result in earnings for Standard &amp; Poor ’s 500 companies some $ 10 per share higher , to $ 151 instead of $ 141 , in 2018 , according to UBS Wealth Management estimates . Deutsche has joined the small but growing list of major banks that think the Fed could raise its interest-rate target four times in 2018 , in addition to the quarter-point hike that seems to be a lock at the Dec. 12-13 meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee . “ One certain impact of tax reform will be a huge week for municipal-bond sales , with over $ 17 billion on tap , according to the Bond Buyer , as states and localities rush to issue bonds that would be curbed under the proposed legislation . With the probability of cheaper prices and higher yields , which are needed to clear the market , maybe you should consider stuffing munis in your family ’s holiday stockings , ” Barron ’s reported . The S&amp;P 500 has risen about 18 percent this year on strong corporate earnings and solid economic growth and also on hopes that Trump ’s agenda of corporate tax cuts and looser regulations could come through , Reuters reported . For its part , the Trump tax-cut reductions will boost economic growth by around 0.3 percentage point for next year and 2019 , according to estimates by Goldman Sachs Group Inc . With the Senate passing legislation on Saturday that matched the House of Representatives in including up to $ 10,000 in state and local property-tax deductions , that eliminated " the most important political difference between the bills before the conference negotiations start , " Goldman economists led by Jan Hatzius in New York wrote in a note , Bloomberg reported . ( Newsmax wire services contributed to this report ) .	Barron 's : Soaring Inflation Is Trump 's Tax Reform Major Risk
Voyager 1 ’s thrusters have n’t been used for decades . However , scientists from NASA fired up Voyager 1 ’s thrusters on Wednesday . NASA ’s intention was to ensure that the spacecraft ’s thrusters function properly so that they can be sure that Voyager 1 will run properly also . The Voyager 1 thrusters have n’t been used since 1980 so engineers did n’t know if these devices were for certain going to work properly . They fired up the backup thrusters and 20 hours later , Voyager sent a signal back to Earth , informing NASA that their test was a success . “ The Voyager team got more excited each time with each milestone in the thruster test . The mood was one of relief , joy and incredulity after witnessing these well-rested thrusters pick up the baton as if no time had passed at all . ” Todd Barber , a propulsion engineer at NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory said in a statement . The Voyager 1 spacecraft was launched a long time ago and ever since , it has relied on its initial thrusters , also known as “ attitude control thrusters . ” While they are still functioning , engineers from NASA noticed that the thrusters had started to deteriorate a few years ago . That ’s why the NASA engineers at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California wanted to take a look at the problem . They decided to wake up the backup thrusters of the spacecraft . “ The voyager flight team dug up decades-old data and examined the software that was coded in an outdated assembler language , to make sure we could safely test the thrusters , ” Chris Jones , chief engineer at JPL , said in a statement . With the four Voyager 1 thrusters working properly , the Voyager 1 ’s mission will be able to be extended . “ With these thrusters that are still functional after 37 years without use , we will be able to extend the life of the Voyager 1 spacecraft by two to three years , ” said Suzanne Dodd , project manager for Voyager at JPL . The Voyager 2 , twin spacecraft of Voyager 1 , launched 16 days after Voyager 1 . However , its primary thrusters seem to be in much better shape compared to the Voyager 1 , according to NASA officials . They said that they will test the backup thrusters of Voyager 2 , although that ’s still not urgent . Both spacecraft yielded great results for the scientists . Just some of their findings include identifying the first active volcanoes outside the Earth and coming across Saturn ’s biggest natural satellite , CNN reports .	Voyager 1 Thrusters Work Again After Decades
I broke things off with him because he kept gaslighting me . Anytime I wanted to talk to him about something he ’d call me a drama queen , sensitive , emotional . I got so drained trying to salvage things . The last straw was when he told me to shut up as i told him to stop calling me names . I ended things , to which he requested to stay friends &amp; before i could respond he messaged me a job ad for his old work place asking me to be a spy , I did not reply as I needed space.I broke things off a week ago . This weekend I was on snapchat getting ready to go out &amp; just posting fun videos &amp; saw he messaged me . I was late &amp; thought I ’d answer later . When I opened the message I saw that he complimented me , said i looked pretty ... but assuming because I did n’t answer his message , he proceeded to say “ lool you ’re so stubborn &amp; predictable , anyway you ’ll open this message . Enjoy your prettiness ✌🏾 “ I just wonder why he was so upset by my delayed response ... I actually wanted to talk to him as we did leave things on a bad note but I left it &amp; still have n't replied because it drained me again and it just reminded me why i left it . He still watches my snaps . Did I do the right thing ? I keep thinking about him , he literally just changed on me . He was a sweetheart before &amp; i know he was extremely stressed out from the job he just left ... I still worry about him but he makes it so difficult to see him in a positive light ... i worry that I pushed him away by being silent ... I know it sounds silly but we ’ve known each other since we were 14 . We ’re 25 now ... what do I do now ?	Was I right to ignore my ex ?
The power of building a strong personal brand is unquestionable but how exactly do you go from zero to influential ? 1 ) Focus on yourselfThere is a reason it is called ‘ personal ’ branding . In order to excel as a personality you need to focus on yourself and communicating your own opinions to your audience.Pay less attention on what others are achieving and learn to enjoy your personal journey to the top.Understand what your strengths and weaknesses are and build your personal brand around these .2 ) Do n’t doubt yourselfEntrepreneurship goes hand in hand with tough times . As an entrepreneur you will always face situations where your back is against the wall.It is important to recognise that you are not alone with these feelings . Do n’t let the doubts get in the way of your content creation . Remain positive and keep trying to voice your opinions.Remember that some of the most powerful entrepreneurial brands started with zero and had to build a following . Even if it seems like no one is paying attention , keep posting because all it takes is one piece of content to change everything .3 ) Be authenticNo one will remember a brand that is just regurgitating someone else ’s opinions.Do not try and please everyone but rather be true to yourself and voice your own opinions.Have a clear understanding about what your objective is and how you want to be perceived by the audience .	Top branding tips for entrepreneurs
In an article published by Financing Solutions , many small business owners lamented the fact that they were unable to obtain a small business loan when they were looking to expand , maintain or save their company . The common thread amongst the failures was the inability of the banks they attempted to work with to put faith in their business or idea . Without a track record of rising revenues and profits , the task of acquiring a loan became unimaginable . When it becomes quite clear that the idea of acquiring a small business loan from a large bank is impossible , the alternatives can seem bleak . For instance , The Guardian reported that many entrepreneurs over the age of 50 have turned to their pension pots in order to launch their business . Unfortunately , whether a pension has had enough time to build the capital required to be sufficient is a real issue . There ’s also the option to look at personal credit cards , but this is usually a gateway to disaster . This all begs the question : Is their hope for small businesses in search of a loan ? John T. Coleman , the President and CEO of Tioga Franklin Savings Bank , explains that many small businesses can benefit from relationship building with smaller banks . Coleman explains saying , “ Trust is the foundation of any good business transaction . Large banks look at things in black and white , smaller establishments are able to take the time to form relationships with entrepreneurs that can lead to opportunities developing . ” There are multiple ways to acquire the funds necessary to launch , grow or maintain a business , but the bank needs to be willing to get to know the potential small business client and what makes them tick . Tioga Franklin Savings Bank offers loan for a variety of businesses and purposes as low as $ 10,000 , up to $ 3 million and more . If the business or principal have at least two years of experience in the industry and have never defaulted on a government-guaranteed loan , they can potentially qualify for a small business loan . According to Coleman : Tioga Franklin is in the business of relationship building and that makes all the differences . Local community banks are more likely to provide this type of arrangement as it requires attention-to-detail and a relationship between the bank and the small business owner . Every small business in Philadelphia and across the country should explore their banking relationships to see if they are eligible for small business loans .	Why Getting A Bank Loan for Small Businesses is So Difficult
The best thing about Monday is that there is always Friday.The majority of Americans working a typical job would totally disagree with my opening statement.Despite the unpopularity of leaving the weekend and entering the workforce again , there are numerous perks to arguably the most hated day of the week.Refreshment . Friday ’s between 5 and 5:30 are filled with excitement and anticipation.You have literally worked an entire week without possibly getting arrested or fired , go you!The stresses of the finished week no longer matter and the joy of the weekend is so close you can taste the after 5 cocktails.The results of the weekend ’s activities can play a major role in your attitude come Monday . I am more alert and ready to work . After a great weekend , you are more at peace with starting a new week . I love Mondays because I feel extremely refreshed and optimistic for what the coming week will foretell.Productivity . For some reason , I feel super productive on Monday ’s . It is the start of a new week and I literally feel like I can prioritize my tasks and get them done efficiently.Monday mornings , in particular , give me a great opportunity to schedule appointments and handle my business for the week.I find that by making a to-do list on Mondays , I am more focused ; with more time to accomplish what I need to do.Self-improvement . Mondays are the beginning , ( depending on your perspective ) of a brand new week.In essence , this can be a brand new you ! The previous week is in the past and you have a perfect opportunity to turn your flaws into flawless.It is said that every day is a new opportunity to be a better you , but why not start this mentality with the beginning of the week?I take this time to review my actions previously and I begin to work on how can be a better employee , wife , daughter , and person.So what if Monday ’s are the celery sticks in a plate of boneless wings ! By looking at this hated day from a positive prism , you can conquer your Monday and be well on your way to Friday !	Three Reasons to Love Mondays
Physical Copies of Secret of Mana Only for PS4 Physical copies of the remake of Secret of Mana on PS4 will be limited , announced Square Enix today . They will be available for PS4 on February 15th , 2018 . For anyone looking to purchase one , they will be available exclusively at GameStop in the US , EB Games in Canada , and at select retailers across Latin America . The Secret of Mana remake is , er , a remake of the 1993 Super Nintendo RPG that tells the story of Randi , Primm , and Popoi as they embark on an epic quest to reclaim the power of Mana from a treacherous empire in order to save the world . It sounds fairly substandard , but Secret of Mana is one of the defining SNES RPG ’s that comes highly recommended . It was included in the SNES Classic Edition as one of the 21 pre-installed games . This enhanced remake adds new HD 3D graphics , a rearranged soundtrack and voiceover . Pre-ordering the game comes with the following special character costumes : “ Moogle Suit ” for Randi , Primm , and Popoi , “ Tiger Two-Piece ” for Primm , and “ Tiger Suit ” for Randi and Popoi . Secret of Mana can also be downloaded digitally on PSN and Steam on February 15th . It will be available on Vita digitally as well . Will you be picking up a physical copy ? Sound off in the comment section below . SOURCE : Press Release	Physical Copies of the Secret of Mana Remake To Be Available in Limited Quantities Only
A " safer " payday loan sounds like an oxymoron . Critics have branded these notoriously high-cost loans as debt traps that cause borrowers to go ever deeper in the hole.Thanks to a recent regulatory change , it now may be possible for banks to offer small , short-term loans that could be a lot less dangerous for borrowers . Whether banks will actually do so remains to be seen.The right moves could save low - and moderate-income Americans billions of dollars a year . The wrong moves could create yet another sinkhole for those who are already struggling.HIGH RISK FOR BORROWERS — AND LENDERSPayday loans are advertised as a way for people to meet a short-term cash crunch in a hurry . People borrow relatively small amounts , typically $ 300 to $ 400 , and pay a fee of $ 45 to $ 60 for a loan that 's supposed to last a few days until their next paycheck . Such loans have an effective annual interest rate north of 300 percent.The problem is that despite the high cost to borrowers , lenders ca n't make much profit , if any , on small loans if they have to do expensive underwriting such as credit reviews and income verification . But loans made without regard to someone 's ability to repay can be dangerous , since people wind up extending the loans and paying a fortune in fees . The average payday loan customer paid $ 520 in fees annually to repeatedly borrow $ 375 , according to The Pew Charitable Trusts.Nick Bourke , Pew 's director of consumer finance , has studied the small-dollar loan market extensively and recommends two fixes that could make these loans profitable without being predatory : — Allow borrowers to pay off their balances over several months as installment loans , rather than requiring the balance be repaid all at once , and — Limit the monthly payment to 5 percent of the borrower 's income.Bourke estimates even a partial shift toward loans with these changes could save low - and moderate-income consumers $ 10 billion each year.So far , though , nobody in Washington seems to be listening.AN ANSWER , NOT A SOLUTIONOn Oct. 5 , the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau announced a rule that would require lenders to determine borrowers ' ability to repay small-dollar loans — an underwriting requirement that could drive most payday lenders out of business.On the same day the CFPB announced its rule , the regulator for the nation 's biggest banks , the Office of Comptroller of the Currency , cleared the way for banks to once again offer a similar small-dollar loan product . Rather than give banks new rules that could make the loans safer , the OCC simply rescinded its previous guidance that made it hard for banks to offer them at all.Banks experimented with short-term loans a few years ago , offering what they were careful to call " deposit advance products " to customers who needed fast cash . Despite the different name , deposit advances worked a lot like payday loans . People could borrow a few hundred dollars for a fee and repay the loan with their next paycheck.The CFPB in 2013 warned that the very nature of payday loans and deposit advances often created debt traps . Borrowers often could n't afford to repay the full balance and so borrowed again and again.The CFPB study found nearly half of payday borrowers had more than 10 transactions each year , while deposit advance users typically had an outstanding balance for nine months out of the year . " Once they get in , they ca n't get out , " says Rebecca Borne , senior policy counsel for the Center for Responsible Lending , a consumer advocate.Regulators started warning banks against deposit advances . The six major banks that offered them — Wells Fargo , U.S. Bank , Fifth Third Bank , Regions Financial , Bank of Oklahoma and Guaranty Bank — phased out the loans in 2014 . Even though banks can now resume small-dollar loans , it 's not clear that they will . The CFPB rule is one potential barrier , although its future is unclear now that the agency 's director has resigned.Also , critics did such a good job of equating deposit advances with payday loans that banks are hesitant to get back into the market , says David Pommerehn , associate general counsel and vice president of the Consumer Bankers Association , which represents large banks . " It 's not worth the reputation risk to them , " Pommerehn says.Ideally , people would save money for emergencies , rather than turn to high-cost short-term loans . But since so many fall short — 44 percent of American adults say they ca n't raise $ 400 in a hurry — regulators and lawmakers should ensure they have a safe and affordable alternative . _________________________________________________ This column was provided to The Associated Press by the personal finance website NerdWallet.Liz Weston is a columnist at NerdWallet , a certified financial planner and author of " Your Credit Score . " Email : lweston@nerdwallet.com . Twitter : @lizweston . RELATED LINK : NerdWallet : Emergency fund : what it is and where it should gohttps : / / nerd.me / emergency-fund	Liz Weston : Would a bank payday loan be any safer ?
Tell Kate Hudson and her musician boyfriend Danny Fujikawa to “ take a hike , ” and they ’ll happily oblige . The couple celebrated their “ first date anniversary ” on Sunday by recreating their initial outing together — complete with a kiss that did n’t happen the first go-around . The 38-year-old actress shared a photo to Instagram from their outdoor adventure , accompanied by a furry friend . Alongside the smooch picture , Hudson revealed how her friendship with Fujikawa became so much more . Hudson explained that she and Fujikawa first crossed paths because of her friendship with his stepsisters . However , she was “ enormously pregnant ” with her 13-year-old son Ryder with ex-husband Chris Robinson at their earliest encounter . “ A year ago today Danny took me on a hike and what I thought was just a hike with a family friend turned very quickly into an unexpected first date , ” she captioned the post . “ No moves were made on this first date . In fact , it took months for him to make a first move ! ” The star added , “ And as a kiss on this bridge would have been nice , the kiss a year later was so much sweeter . So on our 15th year of knowing each other we were able to open our hearts to each other to feel so much pure love and it ’s been truly incredible ! ” Hudson concluded the post wishing a happy first date anniversary to her “ baby , ” adding the hashtags “ #LoveThisMan ” and “ #WhatAYear . ” Sealed With a Kiss ! Kate Hudson &amp; Boyfriend Danny Fujikawa Make Their Couple Debut at Snatched Premiere Hudson and Fujikawa made their red carpet debut as a couple in May while attending the premiere of Hudson ’s mother ’s movie Snatched in Westwood , California . Romance rumors first started after the pair were spotted kissing during an L.A. lunch date in March . Since then , the couple has been spotted all over the world . From going for a night out in N.Y.C. to celebrating Hudson ’s birthday together in L.A. to Cambodia , where the couple took a trip together in June . Hudson was previously married to The Black Crowes singer Robinson for six years . She was also previously engaged to Muse frontman Matt Bellamy , with whom she shares 7-year-old son Bingham . They were engaged for four years before calling it quits in 2014 . It appears Fujikawa fits right into Hudson ’s hipster lifestyle . “ Kate ’s a free spirit who has always been attracted to musicians , ” a source previously told PEOPLE . “ But Danny also appeals to her because he is talented , bright and cosmopolitan like she is . ”	Kate Hudson Celebrates ' First Date Anniversary ' with Danny Fujikawa : ' So Much Pure Love '
SAN FRANCISCO ( AFP ) - Facebook on Monday unveiled a version of its Messenger application for children , aimed at enabling kids under 12 to connect with others under parental supervision.Messenger Kids is being rolled out for Apple iOS mobile devices in the United States on a test basis as a standalone video chat and messaging app.Product manager Loren Cheng said the social network leader is offering Messenger Kids because " there 's a need for a messaging app that lets kids connect with people they love but also has the level of control parents want . " Facebook said that the new app , with no ads or in-app purchases , is aimed at 6 - to 12-year-olds . It enables parents to control the contact list and does not allow children to connect with anyone their parent does not approve.The social media giant added it designed the app because many children are going online without safeguards . " Many of us at Facebook are parents ourselves , and it seems we were n't alone when we realized that our kids were getting online earlier and earlier , " a Facebook statement said.It cited a study showing that 93 percent of 6 - to 12-year-olds in the US have access to tablets or smartphones , and two-thirds have a smartphone or tablet of their own . " We want to help ensure the experiences our kids have when using technology are positive , safer , and age-appropriate , and we believe teaching kids how to use technology in positive ways will bring better experiences later as they grow , " the company said.Facebook 's rules require that children be at least 13 to create an account , but many are believed to get around the restrictions.Cheng said Facebook conducted its own research and worked with " over a dozen expert advisors " in building the app.She added that data from children would not be used for ad profiles and that the application would be compliant with the Children 's Online Privacy and Protection Act ( COPPA ) . " We 've worked extensively with parents and families to shape Messenger Kids and we 're looking forward to learning and listening as more children and families start to use the iOS preview , " Cheng said .	Facebook to launch chat app for kids , with parental controls
With the abundant digital information , we can all imagine that it must be a tough time for print media and book publishers . However , unit sales of print books were up 3.3 percent in 2016 , influencer books are topping the charts , and books about productivity , success , and working culture are booming . Will the position of the writer change in the years to come ? Is it still possible to be just an author ? And why would you write a book in a time where writing online is so easy ? We spoke to four authors who ’ll be speaking at TNW New York in December and picked their brains . Change the title from writer to media producer Jon Levy , Author of The 2AM principle There are two reasons to write a book these days . It ’s less about making lots of money , and more about creating a platform to distinguish yourself . When you fill 280 pages it suggests that your ideas carry more value than something that can be summed up as a listicle on Buzzfeed or inc.com . They are fully thought out comprehensive concepts and stories . Another reason to write a book is both digital and nondigital media networks are constantly looking for content to create new shows . Having a published book makes your content much more appealing for acquisition . I do think in the future it will be important to change the title from writer to media producer . A writer may have a web show , popular Instagram account , or a Facebook Live channel . All of this ties together and provides audience and reach . For me personally , writing augments my income . It ’s not the main source . It serves as a creative outlet and forces me to refine my thinking , from complex ideas to the simplest and most effective way to share an idea . It also provides a platform to share those ideas with the rest of the world . The bigger the community , the easier it gets John Sanei , Author of What ’s your moonshot . In today ’s world being an author is n’t enough to make an impact in the world . When readers are surrounded by so much content , writing a book is just not enough to grab attention . Modern authors like Robin Sharma and even Elizabeth Gilbert are also keynote speakers and do vlogs . In the modern world writing a book is just another channel to teach your message , you really need that multimedia approach . For me personally , I basically had two major essays to write . The reason to write a book was just that I had to get it out of me . I wanted to make an impact on the world with these books . When you ’re trying to get your message out , you need to speak about it as often as possible , whether that ’s in keynotes or as a writer . The bigger of a community you ’ve built , the easier it becomes profitable . All the things I do help each other out . If my keynotes get more popular , my book becomes more popular . It ’s a vicious cycle . I think it ’s important to only write a book when you have a burning desire to get something out of you . I would never have an energy to write a whole book if I did n’t have that . If I do have important things to say , I could possibly write more books , but maybe not on paper . Maybe in the future I could work with VR or AI . Maybe we ’ll all have a chip in our prefrontal cortex and I do n’t even have to write a book anymore , you ’ll all know what I ’m thinking . From data design , to writing a book , to being sold in MoMa Giorgi Lupi , Designer , Artist and Co-Author of Dear Data In general writing about my work and talking about my work over the years through interviews of many kinds has helped me build a community of people who know about what I do and understand it : there is only so much attention that you can gather from merely publishing design artwork , if the reasons behind it and for it are not explained . Therefore I believe that – even for designers – it is mandatory to make the effort and the time to write , publish and express via words what they are working for : their aims , their processes and even roadblocks and failures along the way . After the Dear Data was published we ’ve seen thousands of people who learned about the project and wanted to experiment on themselves . We ’ve also been contacted by the Museum of Modern Art , and finally our original set of postcards were acquired by them as part of their permanent collection . That ’s definitely another nice and unexpected outcome that would n’t have been possible without the actual book . Writers are becoming inspirers Geoffrey Colon , Author of Disruptive Marketing The interesting thing about the web is it has changed how we read . Not how much . I think people read more than ever and want to learn more things than ever but we read in short bursts . Do we read books from end to end still ? Yes . But many might read a chapter here or there , put it down , read a little bit of another book , read articles online and then return to the original book . Knowing this I wrote my book where you could literally read a few pages and get some takeaways from it . I think being a writer becomes more of a role of being an inspirer more than a knowledge exchange . Teachers may not be the most advanced when it comes to hard skills , but the ones that inspire you to learn stick with you forever in your life . I can name the teachers to this day that inspired me . I think this is what will happen to writers . It ’s not about just talking about what you know and teaching but really inspiring people to make change . Writing books does n’t earn you money unless you sell millions of books and that requires sparking manipulated outrage so people who are trying to burn your book because they hate what you wrote are actually helping to sell it to those wondering what it is that ’s causing a fuss . It ’s a common tactic that goes back centuries but is ever popular in our internet social web age . Writing a book literally allows me to get booked as a speaker where I really enjoy connecting with others . I learn a lot from others more than I think they learn from me . If you ’d like to speak to Jon Levy , John Sanei , Giorgia Lupi &amp; Geoffrey Colon in a round-table session , apply here for TNW New York tickets . Click here for more info on event , the amazing speakers and the venue .	How to make it as a writer in 2018 , according to writers
Eli Manning , 36 , can take his talents elsewhere — and " be great . " Take it from a guy who moved on to success after his greatest fetes as a franchise icon : Brett Favre . In fact , Favre told Monday Morning Quarterback 's Peter King that a late-career move is not only " doable " but also can be " invigorating . " “ It ’s doable to move , ” Favre said , “ and it ’s doable to play at a high level . I found it reinvigorating , honestly . For Eli , maybe it ’s gotten a little stale in New York — I do n’t know . I do know , or at least I think , that he will want to play for the Giants again . And he seems like he ’s really healthy , and he ’s in a place he can play a few more years . Wherever it is , I can tell him he can be great somewhere else too . You can love another team too . I did . ” Favre , after starring in 16 seasons with the Packers , ended his career with a year with the Jets and two with the Vikings , the latter of whom he led to a 12-4 mark in 2009 while extending his career consecutive starts record for a QB to 331 ( including the playoffs ) . Neither the Giants nor Manning , whose consecutive starts streak ended at 222 on Sunday , has closed the door on him staying put . That could depend on who 's coaching the Giants next season . Favre ’s gut feeling ? “ I think it ’ll be somewhere else for Eli . ” And about that consecutive-starts streak by a quarterback … the Chargers ' Philip Rivers , 35 , now has the longest current one at 188 , meaning to break Favre 's mark Rivers would have to continue to start through September 2025 — when he would be 44 . “ My gut tells me I ’m like you — I do n’t know if it can be done , ” Favre told King . “ But there ’s always someone . … It ’s doable . It ’s very hard . So many factors , toughness being one . I just think , obviously , you have to be good for a long time . When it comes to Eli , looks like it might be the changing of the guard , whether it ’s his fault or not . I am sorry it ended for him . … I think another factor that will play in my favor is guys making smarter choices about their future , with all the information about brain trauma and CTE out there . Guys will wonder , ‘ Is it really worth it ? ’ Maybe they wo n’t play as long . I never thought of it . We did n’t really talk concussions . ”	Brett Favre : Eli Manning ' can be great somewhere else '
A decade-long fight over a city-owned parcel of land in Brooklyn is nearly over : The New York Times reports that Mayor Bill de Blasio ’s administration and several community groups have reached an agreement over the fate of the Broadway Triangle , an eight-block area at the nexus of Bed-Stuy and Williamsburg . The fight over that land began back in 2009 , when former mayor Michael Bloomberg ’s administration rezoned what it called the Broadway Triangle Urban Renewal Area to foster the development of affordable housing on the long-dormant industrial site . Two nonprofits , United Jewish Organizations and the Ridgewood Brooklyn Senior Citizens Council , were chosen to put forth plans to bring hundreds of below-market-rate apartments to the site . But charges of racial discrimination were levied by the area ’s Latino and black residents and several community groups , who banded together as the Broadway Triangle Community Coalition . They argued that the city ’s methods of determining who would be given preference for those affordable apartments would unfairly favor the area ’s Hasidic community , and that the development would serve to further segregate the adjacent neighborhoods . The lawsuit has halted development in the area for several years , even as a rezoning of a nearby area — once owned by Pfizer , and now being redeveloped by the Rabsky Group — had its own rezoning approved by the City Council earlier this year . Under the plan that ’s been hashed out by the De Blasio administration and those community groups , 375 affordable apartments will be set aside for a larger swath of low-income residents of the Broadway Triangle area . Additionally , per the Times , the settlement will include “ investment in counseling and legal representation for local residents who believe they were discriminated against while seeking housing . ” “ This just reaffirms for us that if we do n’t study the racial impacts of proposed rezoning we are doomed to further segregation , ” Alexandra Fennell , an organizer with Churches United For Fair Housing , told the Times . And indeed , there ’s a chance this settlement will affect how future rezonings are carried out by the De Blasio administration ( and beyond ) . “ This lawsuit shows that the city is required to affirmatively further fair housing and not exacerbate segregation , ” Shekar Krishnan , who represented the plaintiffs in this case , told the Times . City to Settle Discrimination Claim in Brooklyn Housing Plan [ NYT ]	City , community groups settle dispute over Broadway Triangle housing
Wu Jing , the star and director of the Chinese box-office smash Wolf Warrior 2 , will be among top actors and other talents on the red carpet in London at the fifth China-Britain Film Festival . The event aims to showcase some of the best China-made movies , allow for the exchange of movie-related ideas , and act as a platform to promote Chinese culture to an overseas audience . Kong Xiangxi , president of the China-Britain Film Festival , said : " We are very pleased that this festival can be one of the major events of Sino-British cultural exchange . It means that our past achievements are well-recognized by both governments and we feel that we should take more responsibility in the film industry , in order to tell good Chinese stories and to let Western countries know more about China . " The Great Wall actors Zhang Hanyu and Zheng Kai will also make appearances at the festival . Yu Nan , who won the best actress award at the Paris International Film Festival for her role in the 2004 film Jingzhe , is expected to attend the London festival , as well as 16-year-old up-and-coming actress Zhang Zifeng . This year 's theme for the festival is " new era for a more modernized , global and prospective China-UK film exchange " . Organizers hope the festival will build bridges and open up a new chapter of film exchanges . The event also marks the 45th anniversary of the establishment of ambassadorial-level diplomatic ties between China and the United Kingdom . Organizers say the event , which was launched in 2013 , is one of the largest and most influential international Chinese film festivals outside China . The festival 's awards ceremony will be hosted by Chinese-American actor David Wu and its judging panel will include Chinese directors Zhao Hantang and Zhang Yibai . Last year 's awards saw Duan Yihong named best actor for his role in The Dead End . The movie also scooped the best film prize . Gong Li took home the best actress award for her performance in The Monkey King 2 . The festival also features a series of forums and talks aimed at motivating filmmakers and encouraging collaboration . The fifth China-Britain Film Festival begins on Wednesday .	Curtain going up on Chinese film festival
It was a rough week for Momo ( NASDAQ : MOMO ) investors . Shares of the company behind the fast-growing social entertainment platform plummeted 29.8 % , making it the third biggest loser among Nasdaq-listed stocks . Momo posted monster growth in its third quarter , but its guidance left plenty to be desired . A few analysts rushed to the falling stock 's defense , but at least one Wall Street pro responded to the problematic outlook by slashing his price target on the shares . Momo has now fallen the day after posting quarterly results in four of the past five quarters , with double-digit percentage slides in back-to-back periods . A moving picture is worth a thousand verbs The third quarter itself was solid , blowing through analyst expectations on both ends of the income statement . Revenue skyrocketed 126 % to $ 354.5 million , ahead of both the 115 % to 118 % growth that it was targeting three months ago and the $ 339.3 million that Wall Street was targeting . Momo 's profit of $ 0.45 a share landed considerably ahead of the $ 0.38 a share that analysts were modeling , but double-digit percentage beats in earnings has become old hat for the Chinese speedster in recent reports . Quarter EPS Estimate EPS Surprise Q2 2016 $ 0.08 $ 0.12 50 % Q3 2016 $ 0.14 $ 0.24 71 % Q4 2016 $ 0.30 $ 0.44 47 % Q1 2017 $ 0.32 $ 0.44 38 % Q2 2017 $ 0.31 $ 0.35 13 % Q3 2017 $ 0.38 $ 0.45 18 % Data source : Yahoo! Finance . EPS = earnings per share . Stocks that trounce Wall Street prognostications typically move higher , but Momo 's guidance and flat sequential growth in premium users scared away more investors than those wooed by another blowout financial performance . With top-line growth decelerating sharply and margins contracting the future is n't as rosy as the past . Momo 's outlook for the current quarter calls for 50 % to 56 % in year-over-year growth . It has grown its active user base to 94.4 million , but it has closed out the past three quarters with just 4.1 million paying members for the live video platform that 's generating 85 % of its revenue . Some analysts would go on to adjust their 2018 models lower , as Wall Street now sees revenue and earnings per share rising 31 % and 29 % next year , respectively . Momo was one of this year 's hottest stocks when it peaked in mid-August with a 154 % year-to-date gain . It has surrendered most of those upticks in the past four months , and it 's now trading 23 % higher in 2017 . Some analysts stood by the stock last week , arguing that the sell-off was overdone . Deutsche Bank and Jefferies put out supportive notes pointing out the stock 's compelling valuation , and CLSA actually upgraded the shares following the sell-off . Momo is now trading for a little more than 10 times next year 's earnings , a bargain if Momo can keep growing at a double-digit percentage clip in the future . Alex Yao at JPMorgan is n't as convinced . He 's lowering his price target from $ 43 to $ 30 , sticking to his neutral rating . He sees risks in the year ahead , fearing that Momo 's weaker-than-expected guidance for the fourth quarter will spill over into 2018 . Momo 's beefing up its live video platform by teaming up with guilds and agencies to draw magnetic live broadcasting performers , but that will also boost its content costs . Last week 's sell-off was rough , and earnings growth is likely to fall short of the already decelerating top-line gains in the year ahead . Investors tend to steer clear of an online platform when trends are starting to turn , but the fact that Momo is still growing briskly and the stock 's dirt cheap valuation make it a compelling buy for risk-tolerant investors at current levels .	Can Momo Stock Bounce Back After Last Week 's 30 % Drop ?
AMMAN , Jordan ( AP ) — Jordan 's state security court convicted four Syrians on Monday of helping Islamic State militants carry out a 2016 car bomb attack that led to the closure of the Syrian-Jordanian border.The court sentenced one defendant to death and three to life in prison with hard labor.The cross-border suicide attack , launched in June 2016 from near the Rukban camp for displaced Syrians on the Syrian-Jordanian frontier , killed seven Jordanian border guards . In response , Jordan sealed the border , barring the entry of virtually all Syrians who were fleeing from fighting and were amassing on the border.The bearded defendants , ranging in age from 20 to 26 , were led into the courtroom cage Monday , dressed in jump suits and wearing rubber sandals . Briefly surrounded by reporters , they denied they had ties to IS , though their lawyer later said they had confessed to such an affiliation during interrogation.At the time of the car bombing , the defendants were living in Rukban , where more than 50,000 displaced Syrians have been trapped for months or years with little access to humanitarian aid.Jordan is a key partner in the U.S.-led military coalition against IS in Iraq and Syria and has also stepped up a domestic security crackdown on suspected militants and sympathizers.The June 2016 border closure was followed by arrest sweeps and expulsions of Syrians in response to a December 2016 shooting attack at a Crusader-era castle in Jordan that killed 11 Jordanians and a Canadian tourist.In Monday 's hearing , defendant Najem al-Amor , 21 , was convicted of collecting and passing information about Jordan 's military and its procedures in the Rukban area to Islamic State extremists . He was sentenced to death by hanging.Three defendants were given life in prison after being convicted of helping al-Amor . Judge Mohammed Afif said the four confessed to receiving monthly payments from IS in exchange for information on Jordan 's military positions on the border.Jordanian prosecutors also tracked the defendants ' mobile phone exchanges , he said , and found that al-Amor had filmed the attack and given the footage to IS.Echoing frequent statements by government officials , the judge said Islamic State militants are determined to carry out attacks in Jordan and that they have infiltrated Rukban , among other things , for this purpose . " The threat of Daesh is continuing at Jordan 's borders and inside the Hashemite kingdom as well , " he said , referring to the militant group by its Arabic acronym . " We are still fighting them . " A fifth defendant was acquitted of terrorism charges but sentenced to two years in prison for entering Jordanian territory illegally and for involvement in drug trafficking.Defense lawyer Bashir Oqeileh said the defendants had confessed to IS links , despite their courtroom denials of any affiliation . The lawyer said he did not believe the confessions were extracted by force.The court 's ruling must be approved by a higher court before the death penalty can be implemented , he added .	4 Syrians convicted in IS blast that led to Jordan closure
Having an effective mission statement is only one of the tricks I learned by studying internal communications strategies used by companies to engage the cubicle-based lifeforms who inhabit their corporate learning ecosystems . And if important executives and management consultants say things are best practices , you know they really must work . Just look how happy and productive their workforces are.Based on four key principals used by highly successful practitioners of modern management science , I have learned how to communicate better with my children and help them support our family mission of entropy , absurdity , and insanity . Since implementing this approach , we have had a perfect record of accomplishing our mission . Now I can share these four empowering secrets with you.Yes , it really is just that simple . Using these four secrets of effective corporate communications , you can improve morale and increase productivity at home . Even better , when your spouse and children see rising quarterly returns of domestic bliss that exceed analyst expectations , they will come to trust in your wise , benevolent leadership . You will have the satisfaction of setting and achieving noble goals , just like the executives of leading companies , whose employees hold them in such high esteem for the visionary management strategies that make work more meaningful , fulfilling , and prosperous .6 Corporate Communications Secrets That Will Improve Your Family LifeIf you ’re like me , you struggle to align your children with your organization ’s mission statement . Everyone has a different vision for an ideal family life . I like to keep our mission statement simple , memorable , and achievable . It goes like this : Entropy . Absurdity . Insanity.Having an effective mission statement only one of the tricks I learned by studying internal communications strategies used by companies to engage the cubicle-based lifeforms who inhabit their corporate learning ecosystems . And if important executives and management consultants say things are best practices , you know they really must work . Just look how happy and productive their workforces are.Words . Periods . Brand . Awesome . Your family mission needs a clear , concise message that supports your brand identity . As with any kind of marketing , the first rule of effective internal communications strategies is to avoid trying to persuade people with reason , logic , and so forth . Respecting people ’s intelligence only encourages them to start thinking , which tends to interfere with the appeal of superficial abstractions . Every communications manager or marketing specialist knows that an effective message consists of one-word fragments followed by periods . I know my three-word family mission statement seems ideal , but every family is unique . You have to create your own . For example , professionals with household incomes in the top 5 % might want something that reflects their humble work ethic in a way their kids can understand , such as “ Elite Soccer Program . Advanced Placement . University of Socially Dominant Awesomeness . Unstoppable Human Capital . ” High-level corporate managers may want a statement that reflects their values based on merit and loyalty , such as “ Ingratiating . Conniving . Rent Seeking . ” No claim of excellence is too grandiose to be believable . For example : “ The Wonderson Family : Promoting Sustainable Energy One Gifted and Talented Program at a Time . ” A promise of being committed to public service will motivate people to strive for excellence . “ The Marvels : Our overwhelmingly immaculate house , unbelievably awesome landscaping , and impressive luxury vehicles in our driveway reflect our commitment to fostering community . ” ) Use effective social media strategies to engage your core audience . For example , put up posters around your house inviting your children to follow you on social media . Do n’t forget to include some compelling hashtags that reinforce key strategic objectives , such as #chorechart #getthefesteringpileoflaundryoffyourfloor #unloadthedishwasher #stopharassingyoursister #RIGHTNOW ! Do n’t forget the power of posters . Nothing motivates and inspires people like a glossy poster mounted on every floor that summarizes an organization ’s annual strategic objectives . Your family deserves no less . All the fussy details about the implementation plan and key metrics for success should be in smaller type . What will make a poster really effective is a catchy slogan in big , fat , bold letters . It should be something authentic and meaningful , such as “ Let ’s Pick It Up ! ” or “ Innovate Tidiness ! ” Another approach is to have posters that are specific to each functional unit in your organization . For example : “ Saying ‘ I do n’t know ’ does n’t answer my question as to why your sweaty , muddy socks , shin guards , and soccer cleats are in a heap on the nice rug in the living room ! ” ( By the way , you do have a strategy cascade to define an annual strategy for your family , right ? If not , you need to cascade your strategy down to your kids so they , like employees , have an illusion of participating in the setting of goals . . . way downstream . . . after the decisions have already been made by the people with all the power . Never underestimate the power of a strategy cascade . )	5 Corporate Communications Tricks That Will Improve Your Family Life
Tax reform efforts took a big step forward in Washington late last week , when the Senate passed its version of legislation to revamp the tax laws . However , those watching the efforts have had to keep a close eye on the proceedings , because the final version of the bill not only has many differences from the House tax reform bill but also incorporates numerous changes from what the Senate had originally proposed . Many skeptics of tax reform have argued that the bills passed so far in Congress benefit the wealthy more than the middle class . With that in mind , let 's take a look at five of the biggest provisions in the Senate bill that favor the rich to see whether those criticisms are justified . 1 . Lower tax rates for high-income individual taxpayers The clearest way in which the Senate bill provides an additional tax break to the rich is in its tax bracket provisions . For single filers , the House version would have kept the current 39.6 % tax bracket for those with taxable income above $ 500,000 . However , the Senate chose to reduce that top rate to 38.5 % . A reduction of just 1.1 percentage points might not sound like much , but it does equate to a tax break of $ 1,100 for every $ 100,000 that a taxpayer makes above that top tax bracket threshold . 2 . Higher income threshold for child tax credit phaseout One key provision of the tax reform efforts throughout Washington was to raise the child tax credit . Currently , the child tax credit starts phasing out for those with incomes above certain levels , which for 2017 were $ 75,000 for single filers and $ 110,000 for joint filers . The House bill would have more than doubled the phaseout to $ 230,000 for joint filers , but the Senate version goes a step further , setting a much higher $ 500,000 income level for phaseouts to begin . That will allow many rich Americans to claim the credit who were n't previously able to get that tax benefit . 3 . Preserves mortgage interest deductions for high-value homes Mortgage interest provisions were under attack in tax reform efforts , and the House version of the bill would limit the mortgage interest deduction to the first $ 500,000 in mortgage debt on a home purchase . The Senate sought a middle ground , choosing instead to preserve the existing $ 1 million limit on deducting mortgage interest on a newly purchased home , but also eliminating the current deduction for up to $ 100,000 in home equity debt . Residents of states where real estate values are extremely high will note that even $ 1 million does n't necessarily buy you an upper-class home , but for those in more reasonable real estate markets , the move will focus heavily on those of more than modest means . 4 . Raising the estate tax exemption There are some areas in which the Senate bill does n't go as far as the House would have gone . With respect to the estate tax , the House measure would have repealed the tax entirely within six years of passage . Yet the Senate found that provision too costly , and so senators chose instead simply to double the current estate tax exemption amount . That would yield a 2018 exemption figure of $ 11.2 million per person , which would go a long way toward helping all but the wealthiest of individuals avoid the tax entirely . 5 . Increased use of tax-favored 529 plans for pre-college expenses 529 plans were initially created to encourage college saving , but under an amendment from Sen. Ted Cruz ( R-Texas ) , 529 plans would become available for expenses of kindergarten to 12th grade education . In other words , those who send their children to private schools would be able to use 529 plan funds to save for future costs on a tax-deferred basis , with any gains from those investments becoming tax-free if used for qualifying educational expenses . Homeschooling families will also be able to use 529s to cover those expenses . Although those of any income level are eligible to use 529 plans , the nature of the deduction makes the tax savings more extensive for higher-income taxpayers than their lower-income counterparts . Watch for what happens Because the Senate and House bills differ from each other , the next step for lawmakers is to try to reach consensus on a bill that both chambers of Congress can support . That could prove challenging , but lawmakers have already surmounted several similarly intimidating challenges to get as far as they have .	5 Ways the Senate Tax Plan Helps the Rich
Diary of a British woman in Belgrade — Day 25 &amp; 26My Serbian husband , our 10 year old son and I are spending 8 months in Belgrade . Our home is in England and this is the next instalment of our trip.DAY 25Life has picked up a pace and so we all had a much needed lie in today . We visited Baka Dana ( Grandma Dana ) for a coffee and popped some food in her fridge . I tried to practise my possessive pronouns again and said to her in Serbian , ‘ is that your glass ? ’ and she jokingly replied ‘ well of course it ’s my glass , it ’s in my house is n’t it ? ’ Lol , she quite understandably did n’t feel like practising Serbian with me.Years ago , when Grandpa Aca * ( Dragan ’s Dad ) was alive I thought I would try and ask Grandpa Aca if he would like a drink . My question was ‘ hoćeš li da piš ? ’ Aca ’s jaw dropped and Dragan looked as though he was going to explode with laughter . A slight mispronunciation meant that this batty ‘ Engleskinja ’ ( English woman ) had asked her elderly father-in-law if he would like a pee , not a drink ! ( I should have said ‘ piješ ’ not ‘ piš ’ . ) Aca is a nickname for Aleksandar and is pronounced ‘ Artsa’At home later on , Dragan made ‘ pita sa pečurkama ’ ( mushroom pie ) with filo pastry . Fry onions &amp; mushrooms in oil and roll the filling in layers of filo . Bake for about 25 mins . Very good . To help our Kum with his ‘ Slava ’ ( Saint day celebration ) next week , Dragan is in charge of the mushroom and cabbage filo pastry pies!DAY 26It was a chilly but bright Sunday morning and we all attended the liturgy at ‘ Crkva Svetog Nikole ’ ( St Nicholas ’ Church ) [ 1 ] in ‘ Novo groblje ’ ( New Cemetery ) . The interior of the church is covered in beautiful frescoes of saints and biblical scenes . The icons are Serbian in style and some parts of the church are being repainted by artists , I spied the paint brushes and scaffolding behind the iconostasis . A crown of lights hang from the central dome and to my amusement have rather ugly eco light bulbs . The congregation stand throughout the whole service , but there are a few chairs at the back . The liturgy is sung by the priests at times alone and sometimes with the choir and congregation . To my amazement it is sung in 4 part harmony and as far as I can tell the congregation choose a part to sing as they go along ? A group of school children arrived with their teachers , they must have chosen religious studies , not civil studies at school . ( School on Sunday — imagine this in England ! ) The acoustics are great and our Kum and Kuma were in good voice singing the liturgy in old Slavonic , whilst the priest swung the ‘ kadionica ’ ( censer ) with burning incense . All three of us had a good dose of incense and we smelt sweet all day!After coffee with our Kuma , we set off for ‘ Kafana kod Neša ’ ( Neša ’s Restaurant ) , to celebrate our sister-in-law ’s birthday . We met with Dragan ’s brother &amp; family for ‘ ručak ’ ( lunch ) . It was typically Serbian , with lots of polished wooden items decorating the walls , a bit like a hunting lodge . Copious amounts of food as always.A quick visit to Grandma followed , who was on form . When we got home Dragan and our Kum , Ljuba ( pronounced Lyoo-bah ) made some little chocolates for Ljuba ’s ‘ Slava ’ , called ‘ suve šljive u čokoladi ’ ( dried plums stuffed with walnuts &amp; dipped in chocolate ) [ 2 ] . Nice work if you can get it ! ‘ Domača Kafa ’ ( Serbian coffee ) Pita sa pečurkama ’ ( mushroom pie ) Beautiful interior of ‘ Crvka Svetog Nikole ’ ( St Nicholas ’ Church ) Kafana Kod Neša ( Nesha ’s Restaurant )	Diary of a British woman in Belgrade — Day 25 & 26
SANAA , Yemen ( AP ) — The Latest on the conflict in Yemen ( all times local ) : 5:30 p.m.The leader of Yemen 's Shiite Houthi rebels says his forces have killed the country 's former president Ali Abdullah Saleh for his " treason . " Abdul-Malek al-Houthi , in a lengthy speech aired on the Houthis ' TV network al-Masirah , described Saleh 's killing as a " historic defeat to the forces of the coalition , " referring to the Saudi-led alliance of Arab states fighting them.Without mentioning Saleh by name , he said that he knew about Saleh 's communication with the coalition and his efforts to turn against the Houthis . He added that he had sent several warnings to Saleh . " We have notified the leader of the traitor and criminal militias to retract , be wise , to stop his militias from continuing committing crimes , " he said , " Today is the day of the fall of the conspiracy of betrayal and treason . It 's a dark day for the forces of the coalition . " He stressed that the Houthis , also known as Ansar Allah , have no enmity toward Saleh 's party , the General People 's Congress , which was Yemen 's ruling party under Saleh but is now divided .	The Latest : Al-Houthi says Yemen 's Saleh killed for treason
Former Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords will launch ads singling out over half a dozen GOP lawmakers for supporting an expansion to concealed carry laws , Politico reports . This week , the House is set to vote on Concealed Carry Reciprocity , which if passed would make a gun licenses issued in one state valid in every other , thereby allowing gun owners to bypass state-specific requirements . Giffords , a Democrat and former congresswoman , was shot nearly seven years ago by a gunman who killed six and wounded 18 when he attacked an event for Giffords in January 2011 . Giffords survived and went on to found an anti-gun advocacy group , Americans for Responsible Solutions . " In the wake of our country 's worst mass shooting , Congress came up with its most dangerous idea yet : nearly anyone with a hidden loaded gun would be allowed into your community . No background check ? No training ? No questions asked , " a narrator says in the ad , according to Politico . " Will Jason Lewis side with law enforcement , or the gun lobby ? " The ads will target Reps. Rodney Frelinghuysen , R-N.J. , Jason Lewis , R-Minn. , Steve Knight , R-Calif. , Ed Royce , R-Calif. , Mimi Walters , R-Calif. , Mike Coffman , R-Colo. , Lee Zeldin , R-N.Y. , and Barbara Comstock , R-Va. , each of whom is considered a vulnerable target by Democrats in the next election . The three members of Congress from southern California will also face a radio ad . " The ads call on voters to speak up about this dangerous bill and call on their leaders put the safety of communities before the interests of the gun industry , " said Peter Ambler , spokesman for Giffords , the group founded by the former congresswoman and her husband , Captain Mark Kelly .	Giffords to Target 8 Republicans in Ads Against Concealed Carry
By Rick Brown It was n’t shocking to see the Denver Broncos ( 3-9 ) lose their eighth game in a row against the Miami Dolphins ( 5-7 ) , but the manner in which they did so was downright ugly . The Broncos made numerous mistakes on Sunday at Hard Rock Stadium , including turning the ball over three times . The return of Trevor Siemian to Denver ’s lineup did not create the spark the team needed , to say the least . The QB threw three interceptions , including a pick-six . On the other side of the ball , the Broncos continue to struggle in coverage against tight ends as former Bronco TE Julius Thomas caught a touchdown early in the first quarter . Neither the Broncos nor the Dolphins executed properly , but Miami did just enough to snap their five-game skid to win the game , 35-9 . Offense : D - Siemian and the Broncos offense did not start off well when a tipped passed turned into an interception for the Dolphins . The Broncos continued to make mistakes as center Matt Paradis snapped the ball over Siemian ’s head , which resulted in a safety in the second quarter . On the next series , Siemian threw another interception , and his second of the day was returned for a touchdown . Things did not go any better for the Broncos later in the game , as a third interception in the fourth quarter led to another Dolphins TD . The only points put up on the board were scored by the special teams and the defense . Siemian finished with his worst game of the season with a QB rating of only 30.5 . In the end , one of the worst defenses in the NFL was able to completely overtake the Denver offense . Defense : C + The Broncos defense started off the game well and held the Dolphins scoreless on the team ’s opening drive , though they were not able to stop Miami as Jay Cutler connected with Julius Thomas for a touchdown . The Broncos defense was able to create a turnover when Chris Harris caught an interception from Cutler in the second quarter . Bradley Roby , filling in for the suspended Aqib Talib , had a good day with a forced fumble while also playing well in coverage . The Broncos secondary did a great job on Sunday as Justin Simmons was able to catch an interception and return it for a touchdown . Unfortunately , the Broncos defense could not do enough to win the game . Special Teams : D The special teams made some costly mistakes against Miami . The team had a punt blocked and allowed for a big punt return for the Dolphins . The Broncos also received a delay of game penalty after failing to return an onside kick before a kickoff , and Isaiah McKenzie had his sixth fumble of the season , which resulted in a safety . Though Brandon McManus did score on a field goal early in the game , it did n’t end up helping the team in the end . Coaching : F The Broncos coaching staff looks completely lost as the team continued to turn the ball over . When the Broncos did force a couple of turnovers , the offense was unable to convert those to points . Why Vance Joseph did n’t bench Siemian and put in Brock Osweiler at halftime is a mystery . The defense tried hard but is still unable to cover the tight end position . It seems as though any team that is playing the Broncos happens to have their best performance . Additionally , the Broncos coaching staff continued to keep McKenzie out for return punts knowing full well he was a liability . Their inability to coach to an opponent ’s strength has become the Broncos ’ Achilles heel . Opponent Outlook The Broncos ( 3-9 ) will host the New York Jets ( 5-7 ) at Sports Authority at Mile High . The Broncos can not seem to make anything work and are in the midst of an eight game losing streak . The Jets faced a declining Kansas City Chiefs ( 6-6 ) and are going to be riding an emotional win . Neither of these teams should be thinking of making the playoffs this season , but the Broncos coaching staff needs to figure out a way to win , otherwise the Jets will be leaving Denver with a victory .	Broncos Team Grades : Denver Drops 8th Straight Game In Disgraceful Loss To Dolphins
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) — Army will be wearing a new uniform honoring one of its famed divisions when it plays Navy this weekend in its big rivalry game . The uniforms are made by Nike , whose co-founder Bill Bowerman managed supplies for the 10th Mountain Division . The unit is noted for its ability to fight in harsh mountainous terrain . A shoulder patch on the uniform features a blue background with crossed bayonets to denote the infantry and represents the Roman numeral 10 for the unit ’s number . The patch is shaped like a powder keg and the word “ mountain ” is featured in white on a blue tab . The white uniforms are made from material that minimizes weight , even when soaked with sweat . The uniforms allow for greater range of motion and are cut in a way to better deal with heat . The original 10th Mountain Division was formed in 1943 at Camp Hale , Colorado , as an alpine unit . It was dubbed the 10th Light Division and re-designated the 10th Mountain Division a year later . Soldiers trained at high altitudes on skis and snowshoes and learned cold-weather survival tactics , sleeping outside without tents in the Rocky Mountains . In February 1945 , the unit had a defining moment in the Apennine Mountains of northern Italy . U.S. soldiers scaled a sheer , 1,500-foot cliff under cover of darkness and fought their way through the snowy mountains . The Germans , who had considered the peak impossible to scale , were quickly routed . Bowerman , who died in 1999 , maintained the mules for the 10th Mountain Division and served as commander of the 86th Regiment ’s First Battalion . “ As a team , we take pride in remembering and honoring those that have come before us , ” Army coach Jeff Monken said . “ To be aligned with such a great division of the United States Army that has fought on some of the harshest terrain in the world makes this opportunity special . ” Navy unveiled its new uniforms in late November . The teams play Saturday at Lincoln Financial Field .	Army Uniforms For Navy Game To Honor Famed Division
WITH Christmas fast approaching Brits are keen to nail down their travel plans to get home for the festive period . Here ’s what we know about South Western Railway ’s services between December 23 and January 2 … PA : Press AssociationSaturday December 23 Normal service . Sunday December 24 Major engineering work will be taking place in the Southampton area , with replacement buses running between Eastleigh and Southampton Central , also between Southampton Central and Fareham . From about 7 pm a revised service will run with many late evening trains being cancelled or not running to their normal destinations . The network will shut down completely by 11 pm and passengers travelling during the evening should make sure their journey will be possible before starting . Monday December 25 - Tuesday December 26 No service . Wednesday December 27 South Western Railway will run a revised Saturday timetable . There will be some alterations to fit in with other operators who may be running a different level of service and to provide extra services for those travelling to work on these days . The Great Western Main Line into London Paddington will be closed all day . Because of this closure of London Paddington , South Western Railway will be running extra services between London Waterloo and Reading for much of the day . In order to provide trains and crew for these , a revised timetable will apply for all services which normally pass through Staines . Between 8.30 am and 6.30 pm , trains will be able to run between Portsmouth and Woolston with buses between Woolston and Southampton Central . Thursday December 28 – Friday December 29 Saturday December 30 South Western Railway will run a near normal Saturday timetable , except where affected by the work shown below . Sunday December 31 South Western Railway will run a near normal Sunday timetable . A special service will run after midnight on December 31 for New Year ’s Day celebrations . Monday January 1 Extra trains will run on the following routes during the early hours of New Year ’s Day for revellers travelling home from the New Year celebrations in Central London : London Waterloo to Kingston via Richmond and Twickenham London Waterloo to Kingston via Wimbledon London Waterloo to Guildford via Woking London Waterloo to Basingstoke Some extra longer-distance services will also run . Tuesday January 2 Normal service .	South Western Railway Christmas 2017 timetable – here ’s when SWR trains are running over the festive period
New research from Draper into technology that could build a self-return system into spacesuits would produce a significant leap in astronaut safety during activities in outer space . Draper researchers filed a patent for an automated ' take-me-home ' feature that would turn spacesuits from mostly manual affairs to something that could guide itself back to safe shelter in the case of an accident.Once triggered , either by the astronaut themselves , or by another crew member or even ground station staff , the spacesuit 's built-in thrusters would autonomously guide itself back to a designated safe location . It 's designed around the challenges of navigating in outer space , where there is no GPS , and it has to take into account conditions that might impact survivability , including remaining oxygen level and fuel available for the thrusters.Even if the system does n't have to take over entirely , it can provide guidance to an astronaut inside using visual cues on a HUD that shows up on the spacesuit visor . It can also provide audio ' turn-by-turn ' directions , as well as even tactile feedback to provide proper instructions in case something happens during extra-vehicular activity ( EVA ) and there 's cause for deviation from the standard plan.It 's not just for space , however – this could also find application in fields including emergency response , and skydiving , Draper says . Plus , it could be combined with some of its other research into spacesuit tech , including boots and gloves that pass on sensor data to the wearer within to give them heightened senses.Often , current spacesuits are essentially hindrances to their wearers , but Draper and others are working on making them augmentation devices , rather than obstacles to be dealt with and worked around . That 'll be a big help if we ever want to make a go of colonizing Mars , or even of properly commercializing space closer to home.This article originally appeared on TechCrunch at https://techcrunch.com/2017/12/04/new-spacesuit-go-home-function-could-save-astronaut-lives/	New spacesuit ' go home ' function could save astronaut lives
Army-Navy kicks off this Saturday , and we finally know which uniforms the Black Knights will be wearing . On Monday , Army released the photos of its all-white uniforms that commemorate the 10th Mountain Division , which was formed in 1943 . According to Army ’s official release , the 10th Mountain Division , which was originally called the 10th Light Alpine Division , trained in some harsh weather : These soldiers trained at 9,200 feet to learn to fight , and survive , in the most brutal mountain conditions . Bill Bowerman , who would eventually go on to co-found Nike , organized the supplies and maintained the mules for the 10th Mountain Division as a Major in the Army , serving at the time as the commander of the 86th Regiment ’s First Battalion . On the cleats , there is a panda patch , which is a tribute to the 10th Mountain Division ’s roots in Pando , Colo . The patch helped identify the soldiers , who were nicknamed the Pando Commandos : There is also a patch that has the division ’s coat of arms , along with the words “ Vires Montesque Vincimus , ” which translates to “ We Conquer Powers and Mountains . ” The patch is on the uniform ’s right shoulder to honor those who served . On the back of the helmet , the unit ’s Follow Me stripe is found : 10th Mountain Division soldiers operated in blustery winter conditions . To stay in formation a dark stripe was placed on the back of their uniforms known as the “ Follow Me ” stripe . A similar stripe will adorn Army helmets when they take the field on Dec. 9 Last week Navy released the uniforms it will wear — the Midshipmen will be donning these blue uniforms as a tribute to the Blue Angels , the U.S. Navy ’s flight team : Ca n’t wait to see both of these on Saturday !	Army 's beautiful uniforms against Navy pay tribute to World War II 's ' Pando Commandos '
Berlin ( AFP ) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel will this month hold her first face-to-face meeting with relatives of the victims of last year 's Christmas market attack , her spokesman said Monday , after the families criticised her for not sufficiently acknowledging their grief.Relatives of the 12 people who were killed in the December 19 , 2016 , truck rampage in Berlin vented their anger in a withering open letter to Merkel , accusing her of " political inaction " and of failing to reach out to the bereaved . " Almost a year after the attack , we note that you have not shared your condolences with us either in person or in writing.In our opinion , this means that you are not doing justice to your office , " read the letter , published by weekly magazine Der Spiegel on Friday . " It is a matter of respect and decency and it should be self-evident that you as head of the government ... acknowledge to our families the loss of a relative because of a terrorist act . " Government spokesman Steffen Seibert said it was " a moving , critical letter " that was read at the chancellor 's office " with the greatest respect " . Merkel will meet the families on December 18 , a day before the first anniversary of the attack , to listen to their grievances and see " which lessons can be learned " , Seibert said.But he emphasised that the meeting had been scheduled before the open letter was sent , and pointed out that Joachim Gauck , the president at the time , met with the families back in March in agreement with Merkel 's office.Nevertheless , " the letter shows how useful and urgent this meeting is " , Seibert added.The signatories also had harsh words for the security failings that allowed Anis Amri , a failed asylum seeker from Tunisia , to carry out the attack , the deadliest yet in Germany to be claimed by the Islamic State group.Investigations have shown that authorities missed a number of opportunities to arrest and deport the 24-year-old , a known drug dealer with connections to radical Islamists.He had managed to escape detection by skipping across German state lines and using different identities.On the day of the attack , he hijacked a truck and murdered its Polish driver before ploughing the vehicle through the market , killing another 11 people and wounding dozens more.Amri was shot and killed four days later by Italian police in Milan.The German government has so far paid out 1.6 million euros ( $ 1.9 million ) in compensation to those wounded in the attack and to the victims ' families , according to the justice ministry.The annual Christmas market at Berlin 's Breitscheidplatz reopened last week with new security measures in place , including concrete barriers and a heightened police presence .	Merkel to face families of Berlin attack victims after criticism
US stocks surged to record highs Monday morning — the first day of trading after the Senate in the wee hours of Saturday morning passed its tax overhaul bill . The Dow Jones industrial average was up 275 points at 10:15 a.m. , 45 minutes into the trading day , at 24,507.17 — a gain of 1.1 percent . The S&amp;P 500 was up 17 points , or 0.7 percent , to 2,659.22 . Both indexes had hit all-time highs earlier in the session . The Nasdaq was trading slightly lower , at 6,831.04 , down 16.65 . “ Investors this week will look to see progress between the House and Senate ’s joint bill , ” Nicholas Colas , co-founder of DataTrek Research , told CNBC . “ Both chambers still have to reconcile differences between their bills , such as implementing corporate tax cuts immediately or in 2019 . ” Investors also appeared buoyed by CVS Health ’s deal to buy Aetna for $ 69 billion , or $ 207 a share . The deal , which could reshape the health insurance/health care sector , could also trigger more consolidation among CVS and Aetna rivals . Meanwhile , the dollar jumped against the currencies of most other developed and emerging nations while Treasury yields rose . European stocks rose more than 1 percent on average , with German stocks outperforming with a 1.4 percent surge , in anticipation of a strong day on Wall Street . “ With this tax deal , markets could pick up speed into the end of the year , ” Angelo Meda , head of equities at asset manager Banor SIM in Milan , told Reuters , while predicting equity gains of 3 to 4 percent . “ It looks like the ingredients for a year-end rally are there . ” President Trump ’s push for tax cuts have given US stocks an added lift in recent weeks — with the popular indexes posting successive record highs . JPMorgan iussed a report that forecast an 8 percent rise in earnings for US companies if the tax overhaul resulted in rates getting lowered to 20 percent from 35 percent .	Stock market reaches record highs after Senate passes tax bill
Nairobi ( AFP ) - Humans are poisoning their environment and themselves at an alarming rate , with pollution of the oceans , soil and air now the biggest killer , a UN conference heard Monday.Urging rapid and united action from governments , businesses and individual consumers , envoys underlined that nine million people are now killed by pollution every year -- one in six global deaths . " Pollution is the biggest killer on the planet and we need to defeat it , " UN Environment Programme head Erik Solheim said at the third UN Environment Assembly ( UNEA ) in Nairobi , Kenya.Of the annual tally , nearly seven million people succumb from inhaling toxins in the air -- from car exhaust fumes , factory emissions and indoor cooking with wood and coal , according to a recent report by The Lancet medical journal.Lead in paint alone causes brain damage in more than half-a-million children every year.Yet , as the human toll keeps rising , so does the trashing . " Over 80 percent of the world 's waste water is released into the environment without treatment , " Ligia Noronha , director of the UN Environment Programme 's economy division , told journalists at the assembly . " Close to 50 million tonnes of e-waste are produced every year . " The UNEA is the highest decision-making forum on issues concerning the natural environment , with all 193 UN member countries represented.It gathered environment ministers and deputies from more than 100 countries in the Kenyan capital from Monday to Wednesday , to thrash out the wording of a global , political declaration entitled : " Towards a Pollution-Free Planet " . - ' A problem of human rights ' - The pact will commit UN member countries to limiting humankind 's fouling of the planet with chemicals , non-biodegradable litter , and toxic smoke.The ministers are also negotiating a number of specific anti-pollution resolutions to limit the amount of fish-choking plastic that finds its way into the ocean , for example , and to stop the use of lead in paint.The recent report by The Lancet said welfare costs associated with pollution , including medical costs , were nearly $ 5 trillion ( 4.2 trillion euros ) a year -- more than six percent of global economic output . " It 's not just a problem of health.It 's not just a problem of productivity and implications to the economy , but it 's also very much a problem of human rights , " said Noronha . " People have a right to live in clean environments . " The president of the UNEA meeting , Costa Rica 's environment minister Edgar Gutierrez , said he had urged government representatives to set aside narrow national interests and look past contentious issues to find " common ground " . " Looking at the whole , we have done a very bad job taking care of our environment , " he said . " And the worst part of this is that we have very little room now to make mistakes . " The assembly gathered more than 4,500 participants including government representatives , NGOs , scientists and business people.Aside from outright poisoning , pollution causes an array of deadly ailments such as heart disease , stroke , lung cancer and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .	UN assembly starts drafting plan for ' pollution-free planet '
Mover service is a service which can move your staff and badly needful things for shifting your selected place as well . This service is badly needed when you want to shifting a place . In busy life everyone move here and there . But they did n’t know the proper way to moving their staffs and goods as well . For this reason , they badly need to hire those guys whose are very expert in moving every kind of staffs and goods as they do . So many companies have ready to serve you moving service by using their professional workers . In this case Cheap movers Columbia Service Company can help you . This is a company which can give you best and better moving service when you want . This companies workers are very well experienced in moving staff ’s and packing which is valuable . They provide that to give you best service for moving . They are very keen to make satisfied their clients for moving staffs as well . These guys use latest and heavy equipment for moving and make it good to take short time . Because their working skills are so different and experienced so much you can imagine . So when you need just contact them and shift your staffs without no tension .	Forget tension keep faith on move service
Key Takeaway : The value of a painting that is created by an artist during a period of bereavement can experience a drop in value of up to 35 percent compared to the artist 's other work . CATONSVILLE , MD , Dec. 4 , 2017 - The term ' tortured artists ' has been used to describe some of history 's greatest painters , from Vincent Van Gogh and Henri de Tolousse-Lautrec to Pablo Picasso and Jackson Pollock . They are credited with creating some of the world 's most recognized works of art despite lives that were often characterized by great emotional unrest and personal unhappiness . But does misery really beget valuable works of art ? According to a new study in the INFORMS journal Management Science , personal unhappiness , particularly that experienced in times of mourning or bereavement , can actually cause a significant decrease in the value of an artist 's work . The study , " Death , Bereavement , and Creativity , " was conducted by Kathryn Graddy of Brandeis University and Carl Lieberman of Princeton University . The authors studied the prices of more than 10,000 paintings produced by 33 French impressionist artists and more than 2,000 paintings by 15 American artists born between 1900 and 1920 , and their relation to the dates of death of the artists ' friends and family members . By looking at the sale and auction price of these artists ' works from 1972 to 2014 , the authors found that any paintings created in the year following the death of a friend or relative saw a decrease in value of about 35 percent compared to the rest of the artist 's catalog . The authors also found that there was no statistically significant difference in terms of whether the death involved a parent , a sibling , or a friend , and this decrease in the value of their work typically did not extend beyond that one-year time frame . In addition to studying the impact of bereavement on the cost of paintings , the authors also reviewed the likelihood of a painting being included in a museum collection . By gathering information on all paintings created by the artists included in the study that are in the collections of the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art , the Art Institute of Chicago , the National Gallery of Art , the J. Paul Getty Museum , and the Musée d'Orsay , the authors found that artwork painted in the first year following the death of a spouse , child , sibling , or friend were much less likely to be included in a museum collection . " Our analysis reflects that artists , in the year following the death of a friend or relative , are on average less creative than at other times in their lives , " said Graddy . " Paintings that were created in the year following a death fetch significantly less at auction than those created at other times in an artist 's life , and are significantly less likely to be included in a major museum 's collection . " About INFORMS and Management Science INFORMS is the leading international association for operations research and analytics professionals . Management Science , one of 16 journals published by INFORMS , is a premier academic journal that covers groundbreaking research on all aspects of the practice of management . More information is available at or @informs .	New study finds artwork is worth 35 percent less when created by ' tortured ' artists
In Seattle , it was heralded as an urban paradigm shift . In China , it was cited as evidence of a declining national character . In Victoria , the capital of British Columbia , it felt positively genteel.My Ubicycle in front of the B.C. Legislature building in Victoria . Photo by Tom BabinI ’m speaking of dockless bike-share systems , and after reading about them being implemented in cities all over the world , I finally got a chance to try one during a recent trip to Victoria.Dockless bike-share systems are heralded as the next generation of bike sharing . Rather than being built around a network of docking stations , each bike is equipped with a smartphone-enabled lock and GPS device . The systems are as easy to use as car-sharing systems such as Car2go : Use the app to locate a bike , scan the bike ’s QR code and it will unlock . Ride it to your heart ’s content . When you ’re done , lock it up and be on your merry way . The app charges you for the time you rode.Victoria is the first city in Canada to catch this latest wave . Ubicycle is behind the city ’s scheme , one of a handful of Chinese companies that have dropped tens of thousands of bikes into Chinese cities , and spent millions of dollars bringing such systems to North America , in ways that have not always been smooth ( and sometimes disastrous ) . Spinning around lovely Victoria . Photo by Tom Babin.The first thing you have to know is a bit about Victoria . The capital of B.C. is n’t exactly Hangzhou . A government town of 85,000 , the city is known for its British character , temperate climate and status in the retirement dreams of every snow-weary Canadian east of the Rockies . After a few days in the city , I ’ll add a few modifiers : The city is as clean as a NASA lab , its rush hour is adorable , and it ’s filled with cyclists taking advantage of a bunch of painted lanes , some beautiful pathways and two kilometres of buffered bike lane . With up to 25 per cent of commuters choosing bikes , the city is doing something right for cyclists . As far as cities go , it ’s positively genteel.The lime green Ubicicyle bikes are scattered throughout the downtown , parked on sidewalks and streets , secured by wheel locks . Victoria is filled with bike racks , but Ubicycles do n’t need to be secured to a rack , which led me to observe perhaps the most Canadian thing ever : While those in other cities complain about dockless bikes being strewn about the streets in inconvenient locations , most of the Ubicycles I saw were parked beside existing bike racks . Not locked to the rack , mind you , just parked beside it , as if the previous rider did n’t want to offend any passersby by parking the bike in their path . Did I say the city feels genteel?After exploring the city for a few days from the saddle of a Ubicycle ( need I mention that a bike is the best way to explore a city ? ) , I have a few observations to share : Although it is perfectly legal to leave the bike in all kinds of places in downtown Victoria , I felt like a vandal for this waterfront sidewalk drop because most of the bikes I encountered had been neatly placed near bike racks by other , apparently more conscientious , users . Photo by Tom Babin.ConvenienceOne of the great advantages of dockless bike-share systems is their convenience . No more hunting for a docking station . You just park where you stop . Yes , this is an improvement . However , in cities with great bike-share systems , this is n’t really a problem . Montreal , for example , is so strewn with docking stations that finding one nearby is rarely a problem . The key for all systems is to ensure there enough bikes distributed through the city to meet demand at the right times . This often comes down to an old-fashioned idea : trucking bikes around and dropping them in the right spots . From my limited time in Victoria , distribution seemed just fine , but with some caveats . Read on.The clutter factorIn other cities that have failed to fully commit to a bike-share system , a lack of docking stations can be a death knell for the system . So too can a lack of bikes . So too can a lack of riders . Victoria ’s system has only been in operation for a few weeks , so it ’s probably too early to judge its success in this area . But I ’d hardly say the streets are littered with bikes . In fact , I ’d say , based on having to hoof it a few blocks to find a bike more than once , there ’s a chance there are not enough bikes , albeit after the problems of too many bikes in other cities , perhaps this is a good starting point . Also , if ridership is a sign of a thriving system , I ’d be worried about the health of the system . I have no data to back this up , but I used the same bike multiple times over two days and nobody else picked it up in the meantime.CostThere ’s a big variance in cost across bike-sharing systems around the continent . One thing this new wave of dockless systems has going for it is affordability . The same holds true in Victoria . The price for a ride is absurdly low : $ 1 per half-hour . I ran an errand over lunch hour and the ride cost me less than 60 cents . I thought it was an error it was so low . Whether this low cost is sustainable over the long run will be interesting to see . But until then , just get out there and enjoy it.The moodOne thing that ca n’t be ignored , considering the problems dockless systems have run into in China , is the way the bikes are being used . Bikes can be vandalized , strewn about haphazardly , parked in illegal locations and tossed into waterways . So far , this does n’t seem to be a major problem in Victoria . There will always be such problems , but perhaps a small city known for its ( sorry ) genteel character in a country known for its politeness , a dockless system seems to be doing OK.The verdictUbicycle in Victoria seems to be working . As a tourist , it ’s a fantastic way of getting around . The locals I spoke with saw it as a convenient and easy option , and wondered what all the fuss was about . It seemed to be working so well that the drama-loving side of me was a bit disappointed — where ’s all the hand-wringing and endless debates about cycling ? Yawn.Because of its small size , Victoria may never have the thriving bike-share systems of New York , for example , but perhaps this will be the opportunity to test whether mid-sized cities can successfully operate a system . I , for one , ca n’t wait to get back and try it again.Follow Shifter on Facebook or Medium.Tom Babin is the author of Frostbike : The Joy , Pain and Numbness of Winter Cycling.Originally published at Shifter .	What ’s all the fuss ? In the right city , dockless bike sharing is a simple , genteel experience
For a new and curious investor , the blockchain industry is a very technical one , but for an experienced investor , the blueprint and technical details of the crypto currency market make the global Internet system simple and profitable . This makes it clear that market economists are working on various mechanisms to expand the online market and make the blockchain industry more competitive and lucrative . In my curiosity to use an efficient platform for investing in blockchain companies , I came across https://credits.com/ . With one click , I was redirected to one of the most systematic blockchain brands in the world dedicated to reviving the entire crypto-currency market.The CREDITS platform is a dispersed financial system where participants and users can interact and discuss through a peer-to-peer approach . Unlike other blockchain platforms that investors have known so far , CREDITS allows participants to consolidate into one unified website while offering and simultaneously using one service . The platform provides you with efficient , fast and technological management of transaction data without the need for intermediate traders . This will also allow participants to relate and monitor their results relatively.As a unique investment and brand platform , CREDIT has its own Cryptocurrency Credit ( CS ) . This is a very innovative and innovative work , especially given the market demand and 21st century reality that offer reality . This is a new idea in blockchain technology , smart contracts and modern world data protocols . This is an entirely new system where users can create and customize services that enhance and consolidate the Blockgain Operandi mode.In addition to efficient data management of financial transactions best offered with the CREDITS , smart contracts have been modified and ultimately simplified . Through a process that allows subscribers to have full rights to content , the platform has progressively broken the previously tedious process of the “ old ” smart contracting system , which was slow and expensive . The logic and rules of the Smart Contract Framework are strictly enforced to enable full implementation of a transaction.In December 2017 , the ICO and the placement on the stock exchanges enter into force . In March 2018 , the alpha version will be released and will be preceded by the introduction of the Platform ’s “ First Users ” . By June 2018 , the platform will be released and new services and features will be added . 230 , 632 USD has already been sold from the PRE-ICO whitelist from the last count … Buy your own CREDITS token now!There is absolutely no way to describe the CREDITS and utensils in one piece . To get more information and knowledge about the CREDITS first-hand , you can download the White Paper at https://credits.com/Content/Docs/TechnicalWhitePaperCREDITSEng . pdf.com.More information can be obtained if you go to the following poses : WhitePaperCREDITSEng.pdf	CREDIT — DEVELOPMENT OF POTENTIAL TECHNOLOGY BLOCKIN FOR FINANCIAL INDUSTRY
Credit : Credits : NRL/NASA/JAXA Tropical Depression Dahlia was weakening into a remnant low pressure area when the Global Precipitation Measurement mission core satellite or GPM analyzed the storm 's precipitation . GPM found the center devoid of rainfall and light rainfall to the east of center . On Dec. 3 at 4 p.m. EST ( 2100 UTC ) the Joint Typhoon Warning Center issued the final bulletin on Dahlia . At that time , Dahlia was still a tropical storm with maximum sustained winds near 35 knots ( 40 mph ) . Dahlia was centered near 16.2 degrees south latitude and 111.9 degrees east longitude . That 's about 402 nautical miles north-northwest of Learmonth , Australia . Dahlia was moving to the south at 10 knots ( 11.5 mph/18 .5 kph ) . At the time of the last bulletin , infrared satellite imagery showed that the strongest storms were beginning to decouple from the low level circulation center and moving off to the southeast . Early the next day , the storm had become a depression then weakened further to a remnant low pressure area . On Dec. 4 at 1441 UTC ( 9:41 a.m. EST ) , the GPM core satellite passed over Dahlia in the Southern Indian Ocean . Data collected by GPM 's Microwave Imager ( GMI ) and Dual-Frequency Precipitation Radar ( DPR ) instruments were used to show the intensity of precipitation . GPM 's radar ( DPR ku Band ) measured rain falling at 0.1 inches ( 2.5 mm ) per hour to the east of the center of circulation near the coast of Western Australia . The center of circulation had no measureable rainfall . The Australian Bureau of Meteorology issued Wind Warnings from 10:00 p.m. WST ( local time , Western Australia ) on Dec. 4 , for the period until midnight WST Dec. 5 , 2017 . A Strong Wind Warning for the following areas : Perth Local Waters , Gascoyne Coast , Geraldton Coast , Perth Coast and Bunbury Geographe Coast Dahlia was moving into cooler sea surface temperatures and an area of stronger wind shear , both factors that were expected to lead to its dissipation later on Dec. 4 .	NASA finds Tropical Depression Dahlia 's center devoid of rainfall
LIVE Windsor More Streams The Ontario government announced Monday it has partnered with the Hospice of Windsor and Essex County to fund two new beds and additional annual funding for the facility . Hospice currently has eight beds available for patients in the region who need palliative or end of life care . The two additional beds will serve about 40 patients per year . John Fraser , Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of Health was at the Hospice in Windsor on Monday to make the announcement . " Facilities with hospice care are special places that provide compassionate care to patients and families are at a very difficult time , " he said in a media release . Funding from the province , along with community donations will also go toward renovating the dining room , kitchen , and sunroom which is used by patients and their families at the facility . The province said that it will provide $ 400,000 to help fund the costs of renovations . Once construction is completed , Ontario will also be providing $ 210,000 in annual operating funding . The move by the province is delivering on the 2016 commitment to support up to 20 new hospices across Ontario within three years .	Province adds 2 beds , annual funds for Hospice of Windsor and Essex County
Ed Sheeran has been slammed by bosses at a Norwegian aid watchdog for engaging in " poverty tourism " in a film promoting aid efforts in Africa . Ed 's film of his visit to Liberia to meet street children on behalf of British charity Comic Relief has been nominated for the Norway 's Students ' and Academics ' International Assistance Fund 's ( SAIH ) 2017 Rusty Radiator Award , which is given out each year to the aid appeals expert judges find most offensive . Bosses at the association , whose work includes promoting aid projects run by local organizations , also nominated appeals made by the actors Tom Hardy and Eddie Redmayne on behalf of the Disasters Emergencies Committee ( DEC ) . A scathing description of Ed 's charity appeal on the awards ' website reads , " This is a video is about Ed Sheeran . It 's literally poverty tourism . The video should be less about Ed shouldering the burden alone but rather appealing to the wider world to step in . " SAIH boss Beathe Ogard said she understood celebrities wanted to help those in need , but the focus on stars reinforced negative images of development programs . " Ed Sheeran has good intentions , " she told The Guardian . " But the problem is the video is focused on Ed Sheeran as the main character . He is portrayed as the only one coming down and being able to help . " Responding to the advert 's nomination for the award , given out as part of SAIH 's Radi-Aid prizegiving celebrating the good and bad in charity aid appeals Comic Relief chief executive Liz Warner told WENN in a statement , " This will serve as a constant reminder of the need to stay as relevant as possible going forwards and to give a voice to the people affected by the issues we care about . " If we do win this award , I would still like to say thank you to the artists whose support means we have reached mass audiences and raised vital funds for life-changing projects in the UK and around the world . " After visiting Liberia , Ed , 26 , spoke of how he hoped donations would help a young girl he played music with , saying , " I really hope the money we raise this Red Nose Day can help thousands of children , just like Peaches , to follow their dreams . " Red Nose Day 2017 raised more than $ 108 million for aid charities .	Ed Sheeran slammed by aid watchdog for ' poverty tourism ' charity campaign
The X Factor winners Rak-Su hope to go some way to emulating the success of Simon Cowell 's other proteges One Direction . The R&amp;B group outdid the superstar boyband 's third place 2010 result , by winning the 2018 series of the U.K. TV talent contest on Sunday ( 03Dec17 ) . Their mentor Simon , who famously put Louis Tomlinson , Liam Payne , Zayn Malik , Niall Horan and Harry Styles together to form One Direction , has said he sees the same star quality in Rak-Su as he did when he discovered the five-piece . And Rak-Su member Myles Stephenson , 25 , added he 'll be delighted if his group is anything like as successful as their predecessors , who sold 70 million records worldwide before going on hiatus at the end of 2015 . " If we can get half of their numbers it would be an honor , " he smiled , during an interview on British TV show Lorraine on Monday . Unlike One Direction , Rak-Su performed their own music on the show - and Myles said the group are constantly working on tracks for their debut album . " We have got a backlog ( of songs ) . We always want to better ourselves , we continue to write every single day , " he explained . However , fellow member Ashley Fongho insisted the band did n't expect to hit the big time when they signed up for the show . " We knew who we wanted to be and we knew who we were before we going on the show . We saw it as a good opportunity to get some exposure for ourselves , we did n't know it was going to go this far ! " Ashley , the group 's rapper , smiled . Rak-Su also have another influential backer in One Direction 's camp , as Liam Payne 's girlfriend , British pop star Cheryl has tweeted in support of the band , writing that she 's " obsessed " with them . The quartet from Watford , England , released their debut single , Dimelo after the show on Sunday , but it faces a tough fight to top the U.K. chart , as Ed Sheeran has also debuted a new version of his track Perfect featuring Beyonce .	The X Factor winners Rak-Su hope to emulate One Direction 's success
Since the oil price slump began in 2014 , some prominent offshore rig operators have struggled -- including Transocean ( NYSE : RIG ) and Ensco ( NYSE : ESV ) , down 76 % and 89 % respectively . These are the kinds of results that make investors hide under the blankets and keep their cash under the mattress . But it also may mean the industry is ripe for a turnaround . Let 's look at offshore rig operator Seadrill Partners LLC ( NYSE : SDLP ) to see whether it looks like a buy at these beaten-down prices . Out of the frying pan The first thing investors need to know about Seadrill Partners LLC is that its parent , Seadrill , has filed for bankruptcy -- after losing 99.5 % of its value . The second thing investors need to know is that this is n't as bad for Seadrill Partners as it sounds . Thanks to some savvy financial maneuvering from Seadrill Partners , its assets -- including its primary assets : the rigs it owns -- are insulated from Seadrill 's bankruptcy . Like Seadrill and many other offshore rig operators , Seadrill Partners still has creditors and debt of its own , but those credit agreements will be handled completely separately from its parent 's Chapter 11 proceedings . That 's obviously good for investors . But it also makes Seadrill Partners ' future a bit uncertain . Still , even an uncertain future is better than a certain trip to bankruptcy court . Where to go from here Of course , with Seadrill ( the parent ) in bankruptcy , its assets will have to be disposed of , and those assets include a 28.6 % stake in Seadrill Partners . Nobody knows what 's going to happen to that position , but it could have big implications for Seadrill Partners ' future . For example , the parent company could simply sell off its stake as a public offering to raise cash for its creditors . That would set up Seadrill Partners as a completely independent entity . But it could also decide to sell its stake to a larger competitor like Transocean or Ensco , both of which have a recent history of gobbling up smaller competitors . If a competing rig operator like Ensco or Transocean gets hold of a 28.6 % stake in Seadrill Partners , it would probably try to make a play for the rest of the company . That would likely benefit shareholders , who could expect to receive a premium for their shares . With just 11 rigs , Seadrill Partners ' fleet would be relatively easy for a larger competitor to absorb . On the flip side , if no buyer steps forward , that also means an independent Seadrill Partners would be a very small fish in a very big ocean . An ocean full of other companies ' drilling rigs . The new normal That brings us to the big reason I 'd be hesitant to buy Seadrill Partners right now : There 's no guarantee that the offshore drilling industry is likely to recover anytime soon . Offshore plays are notoriously risky and expensive to develop . That has n't prevented companies from making promising offshore discoveries recently , so there 's no worry that the industry is going to vanish completely . But in a world of $ 50/barrel oil , some projects simply are n't going to be as economically feasible as they would have been at $ 90/barrel oil . That 's why companies like Royal Dutch Shell and ConocoPhillips allowed their Arctic offshore drilling rights to expire last year . Brent crude oil prices have risen above $ 50/barrel recently , which has enabled oil producers to start turning profits again , thanks in large part to aggressive cost-cutting measures . As they look to increase production while controlling costs , though , they may be more inclined to invest in traditional onshore shale plays rather than the deepwater and ultra-deepwater plays that are the most lucrative for offshore rig operators . Data compiled by Rystad Energy indicates that while onshore shale plays have an expected breakeven of $ 50/barrel , deepwater plays have an expected breakeven of $ 82/barrel . It also takes longer to recoup the investment on a deepwater play . Investor takeaway Offshore drilling has always been a risky business , and the industry 's future is by no means assured . So Seadrill Partners looks like a risky bet simply by virtue of its industry . When you factor in the uncertainty surrounding Seadrill Partners ' future , in particular , considering its parent 's bankruptcy , that 's probably too much risk to recommend . Investors who are determined to invest in the sector despite the risks may want to consider Transocean . But I would recommend sticking to other areas of the oil and gas industry , like the oil majors , where rising crude prices will have a more immediate impact and your money will be more secure .	Is Seadrill Partners LLC a Buy ?
President Donald Trump ’s former campaign manager said on NBC ’s " Today " show Monday that the charges against the former national security adviser wo n’t bring down Trump . When asked by host Savannah Guthrie whether Michael Flynn would work against Trump as part of a deal with investigators , Corey Lewandowski answered : " I do n't think so and let me tell you why . Michael Flynn came to the campaign fairly late , actually Michael came after I left . " Flynn first met Trump in 2015 , when his campaign for president first began , " and soon became an influential adviser on foreign policy and national security , " according to PBS Frontline reporter Priyanka Boghani . " What we know as it relates to the national security component and specifically , when it related to the transition , that entire component was segregated out . And the president and the campaign side really had nothing to do with the national security thing whatsoever , " Lewandowski added . " If Mike Flynn was not honest with the FBI ... that 's a crime that Mike is responsible for and had nothing to do with the president . " Deputy campaign manager David Bossie , also on the program , said that any contact Flynn had with Russians " during the transition " is " what the government is supposed to be doing . " He added , " the incoming administration , and on Dec. 2nd , the State Department , specifically said — and it 's on video tape — the State Department said that , ' We understand the incoming Trump administration is dealing with national security , leaders in other countries . ' " They both declined to speculate as to why Flynn would lie to federal investigators , and said that the FBI has not reached out to either of them .	Lewandowski : Trump has ' Nothing to Do ' With Flynn Charges
If you see in the menu for Avast antivirus , you will not see any option to close or exit the program . Apart from this even if you try to force-close the program , you wo n’t be able to do the process in the Task Manager . In Avast antivirus , it is by default that it enables an anti-disabling mechanism to keep malware from closing the software before infecting the computer device . If you want to close antivirus either to troubleshoot the antivirus software or to install a different anti-virus program on the business computer you must first turn off this mechanism . For more detailed info and guidance you better contact techies of Avast Antivirus Support . · First of all , you need to open Avast by right-clicking its icon located in your taskbar and then select “ Open Avast ! user interface ” · After this , you need to click “ Settings ” and then select “ Troubleshooting ” from the left column · Once you complete the process , simply click the box next to “ Enable avast ! self-defense module ” and then press “ OK ” to disable the module · Here you will get a warning message that would be asking if you ’re sure you want to continue ; click “ Yes ” to proceed · Then simply close the Avast window · Next steps that need to be performed is press “ Ctrl-Alt-Delete ” on your keyboard and select “ Task Manager ” · At the end , you need to click “ avast ! Antivirus ” under the Background Processes heading and press “ End task . ” Repeat for any other Avast processes you see . The icon disappears from your taskbarIn case you need more help and support from the techies of our customer service , you better dial our toll-free Avast Technical Support Number — ( +1 – 800 – 439 – 2178 ) . Here you will find the steadfast support from the team of experts who are experienced and dedicated to handling and resolving all sorts of technical glitches and resolve the entire query regarding Avast antivirus .	How to Close Avast Antivirus ?
Aside from being a nominee for worst company name of the year , Baker Hughes , a GE Company ( NYSE : BHGE ) had a tough first quarter as a combined company as restructuring costs led to a big hit to the bottom line . For now , management gets an incomplete grade because the business is still going through the growing pains that come with such a large integration . As is the case with any oil services company this size , though , it is worth listening to what management has to say on its earnings conference calls because it typically provides some interesting insights into the industry . On BHGE 's most recent call , CEO Lorenzo Simonelli gave some interesting commentary on the direction of the market as well as how BHGE now fills an interesting role in a rapidly changing market . Here 's a few snippets from the call to which investors should pay attention . Is the pickup in international oil drilling revving back up ? The oil story of 2017 has been the success of shale drilling in North America . The industry 's ability to lower breakeven costs has allowed producers to boost production at oil prices that would have seemed unthinkable a few years ago . As a result , the declines in production internationally and OPEC 's self-imposed limits -- things that would have sent prices skyrocketing in years past -- have barely moved the needle . For all the changes in the market , though , there is an expectation that drilling activity internationally will pick back up again . For all the success of North America , there are some infrastructure limitations that will likely prohibit it from offsetting all of those international losses . That means , eventually , international drilling activity will pick back up again . According to CEO Lorenzo Simonelli , that time has yet to arrive in earnest . International activity in oilfield services remains muted with rig count flat year-to-date . However we are seeing signs of activity increase both in the volume and size of tenders for new work as customers feel more confident about their operating cost and commodity price stability . To that point we were awarded a large multi year integrated drilling contract with an important customer in the Middle East as well as two critical deep water completion contracts in Latin America offshore . A unique offering that no other oil services company can replicate The combination of Baker Hughes and General Electric 's ( NYSE : GE ) oil &amp; gas division was something that the industry has n't seen in a long time : A company that is both a provider of equipment and a services contractor . With this combination , BHGE can do some things that no other oil services company can do . Here 's Simonelli explaining that offering . During the quarter we also announced what is the first demonstration of our ability to generate value for our customers through our full stream offering . The agreement executed with Twinza Oil will provide support for an offshore development project in Papua New Guinea . This business model is an exciting development for the industry . With the combination of capability between our oilfield equipment , oilfield services and turbomachinery segments can provide a unique high productivity value proposition for our customers and commercial differentiation . Historically , equipment and services were separate because an equipment supplier did n't want to restrict its sales to a single service provider . Likewise , services providers did n't want to tie in with equipment manufacturers because it allowed them to shop for the best price in a competitive bidding process . Over time , though , this manufacturer/service provider line has blurred as technology and data require equipment and services to integrate on common software platforms . Schlumberger ( NYSE : SLB ) made a similar move with the acquisition of Cameron International , which meant Schlumberger could present complete equipment and service packages for deepwater clients . The BHGE full stream deal is like the Schlumberger deal on steroids . It can offer just about every service and piece of equipment necessary to go from a prospective reservoir all the way to late-life production management as well as provide the equipment for midstream and downstream investments . BHGE is betting that more and more producers will want to go down this route to cut costs through the efficiency that a single service provider and using a common software to handle all the data that comes from a drilling operation today can provide . Where can we find growth now ? Even when equipment and services companies combine , their business will still wax and wane drastically with the spending habits of oil and gas producers and the upstream side of the business . This typically means the industry goes through times of feast and famine depending on oil prices and producers ' appetite for capital spending . These past few years have been evidence of how that can spell big trouble for these companies as many small players have gone bankrupt and the larger ones have tried to consolidate . With the addition of the GE oil &amp; gas division , though , BHGE has exposure to other parts of the oil and gas value chain . Which , according to Simonelli , could drive earnings over the short term . Opportunities for growth in the short to midterm exists across the board in mid-stream and downstream segments in which we participate , these include , gas to power projects , stranded gas monetization , pipelines and surface compressions to name a few . Many of these applications acquire a range of turbomachinery equipments that is fit for purpose in terms of both cost and function . Typically , capital spending in the midstream and downstream segments are lower than on the upstream side because the life of assets such as pipelines or refineries are much longer than that of an oil reservoir . Therefore , companies in this part of the value chain do n't need to spend nearly as much to maintain their current business . Also , growth in these businesses is much more measured . At the same time , though , capital spending in these industries is much more consistent than on the upstream side of the business . This could make BHGE a company that is better suited for the ups and downs of the market than its upstream only brethren . What a Fool believes BHGE has a lot of potential as an investment in the oil and gas industry . The unique combination of services and equipment that serves all aspects of the industry could prove to be incredibly valuable as others grabble with the volatility of the upstream industry . The issue that comes with serving all of these segments is bloat that could impact margins . Management thinks it can wring out $ 1.6 billion in revenue and cost efficiencies between now and 2020 , but it remains to be seen that it can do that . If the company can deliver progress on this substantial synergy plan and prove that serving all parts of the oil and gas industry has inherent advantages over the traditional model , then BHGE 's stock could be a stock worth examining .	3 Key Industry Trends Baker Hughes , a GE Company 's Management Thinks You Should Know
Tiger Woods completed his latest comeback attempt with an impressive final round 69 , helping him onto a T-9 finish in the process.As I wrote earlier , there were some legitimate reasons to be optimistic , many of which have to do with his new-look swing . Golf Channel 's Brandel Chamblee does a good job illustrating the differences between Tiger 's various different swings over the years - important information as we look ahead.View embedded contentUnder the guidance of swing coach Chris Como , Tiger has incorporated some key elements of his 2000 era golf swing . Mainly , to eliminate the vertical compression in his upper and lower body , and to embrace some lateral movement as a way of generating power . Phil Mickelson does something similar , and it 's one of the key reasons he 's continued playing at such a high level into his career.Mike Ehrmann from Getty Images put together this composite image of a swing , and it 's clear that Tiger is already swinging with more freedom than a year ago , when he embarked on the change . There 's more movement in his hips and shoulders as the changes have started to take hold . No doubt , his recent surgery has aided in all this , too , but they each compliment the other.Here 's it is in motion : There 's a long way to go if this comeback is for real , of course , but the early signs are very promising.MORE : A stunned Kirk Herbstreit walked off set after Ohio State did n't make the playoffPhil Hellmuth goes on epic rant after losing brutal all-in hand to Phil IveyGeno Smith blasts ' coward ' Rex Ryan for his Eli Manning commentsFixer Upper 's Chip Gaines had the best reaction after getting leveled in sideline collisionFurious fans slam ' rigged ' college football playoffs after Alabama edge out Ohio State	A frame-by-frame breakdown of Tiger &apos;s swing
Brussels ( AFP ) - Portuguese Finance Minister Mario Centeno was elected as the new head of the Eurogroup on Monday , with the key job of pushing through much-needed reforms across the single currency bloc.The little-known economist and former central banker will replace outgoing Eurogroup chief Jeroen Dijsselbloem in January , and beat out his counterparts from Luxembourg , Slovakia and Latvia to win one of Europe 's most coveted jobs . " It was obviously a fair race and a very democratic one , " the Harvard educated Centeno told a news conference after the vote . " It 's an honour because of the relevance of this group ... the importance of the job . " Centeno was long the favourite for the post and his victory came after two rounds of voting at a closed door session of the 19 Eurogroup ministers in Brussels.The winning candidate had to secure 10 votes to win.His nomination marks a big turnaround for Portugal since the worst of the debt crisis in which Lisbon was bailed out and forced to push through painful reforms to save its economy.It is also vindication for southern Europeans who often bristled at Dijsselbloem , who last year drew their fury with a quip that implied bailed out countries spent their money on " drinks and women " . - Eurogroup ' Ronaldo ' - Unknown to the Portuguese when he entered government , Centeno is now a heavyweight in the cabinet of Prime Minister Antonio Costa , who came to power on the promise to " turn the page " from the austerity policies . Affable , Centeno is credited for restoring some of the purchasing power lost by the Portuguese during the crisis and its 2011 bailout , without resorting to overspending.The careful balancing act spurred former German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble to dub him " the Cristiano Ronaldo of the Ecofin " , the meeting place of EU 's finance and economy ministers.Though part-time , the job is one of the most strategic in the European Union , tasked with guiding economic policy in the face of clashing opinions and resistance , most notably by austerity-pushing Germany.The eurozone is currently in an economic recovery , but Centeno will fast come to the front lines in case of problems , with the Eurogroup chief tasked with spearheading negotiations for bailouts and rescues.Centeno was widely expected to take the prize , having won the early support of Spain as well as European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker , a former Eurogroup chief as Luxembourg 's minister . " I know how demanding and challenging this position can be , and I know you have all the qualities for the task ahead , " Juncker said in a letter to Centeno after the win.Also running was Slovakia 's Peter Kazimir , a strong backer of Germany 's austerity-heavy approach and in a surprise , Latvia 's chess-playing 36-year-old finance minister Dana Reizniece-Ozola . Their bids came after the EU 's eastern member states were painfully overlooked in favour of France and the Netherlands to be the new hosts for EU agencies forced to leave London after Brexit.Luxembourg 's Pierre Gramegna , a veteran diplomat , was seen as a compromise choice if no clear victor emerged after several rounds of voting.Elected for two and a half years , the head of the Eurogroup chairs the monthly meetings of finance ministers of the 19 countries that use the euro , with the main responsibility of coordinating the often clashing economic policies and priorities of its members.The job 's holder is considered one of the EU 's " five presidents " along with European Commission head Juncker and European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi.The role was especially crucial during the tumultuous years of the eurozone debt crisis and Greek bailout negotiations , when the bloc 's ministers faced the daunting task of saving the euro currency from near collapse.The first order of business for the incoming chief will be shepherding through reforms of the eurozone , which the ministers will discuss over dinner on Monday.The reform push is part of wider efforts , spurred by French President Emmanuel Macron , to pursue deeper integration after Britain 's vote last year to leave the bloc.Greece 's third bailout will also quickly come on to the agenda , with Athens expecting debt relief from its eurozone partners next year , a move powerful Germany believes is not necessary .	Portugal 's Centeno is new eurozone ' Ronaldo '
“ The dead to not suffer the living … ”“ Hey , um , Grandma died this morning ” . The one sentence I had been preparing to hear for months and the one time I was n’t ready to hear it , I did . It went from my ear to my head in a wave of guilt and pain engulfing my brain . I lost my breath and my legs were knocked out from underneath me . I was punched in the chest straight out of reality into my worst nightmare . My thoughts began to race but kept crashing into each other causing cracks in my head where they seeped out in the form of violent tears . I was lost for words so I wailed . I had just lost not only my great grandmother , I lost my mother figure , my superhero , my teacher , my mentor , my friend , my supporter . I lost the most amazing person in this planet an hour after telling myself “ I ’ll visit her this evening for dinner instead of for lunch ” . But , I did n’t know dinner would never come.My dad was on the other end of the line telling me positive things and giving me different perspectives to look at , he was doing the best he could , to relieve my guilt of not going to see her one last time when I had the chance . His words came in as if they there being heard on a staticy radio station and I simply could n’t pick up a strong enough signal . Turmoil and despair began to drape around me as I hung my head and continued to collapse under the pressure . I started to sink . But just as the darkness began to blur the edges of my mind I felt HER.I opened my heart and felt her . I felt her in the wind . I felt her in the grass . I felt her in the sound of the leaves and the birds . I felt her wrap around me . I felt her in my heart . My Grandma reached out , lifted my chin and told me to not cry for her just as my daddy began to explain how the pain we feel is for ourselves , not the one we lost.WE cry out of a selfish love because we miss them . Our bodies ach with the self inflicted guilt of past words or missed chances . We fell emptiness because of the whole left in our lives . But those we love dearly do not experience any of this and will never have to , ever again.Those who have pasted , move on to experience the rest of eternity without doubt , pain , fear , sickness , trouble . Negative emotion is not even a memory to them . The rest of forever is spent in euphoria , bless , peace and tranquility on levels we ca n’t comprehend and never will until we are graced with the chance to join those we cherish and have lost . Our loved ones do not sit on a cloud looking down sulking and sad wishing to come back . They look down with a compassionate smile filled with knowledge and do what they can to comfort us from a world away because through death they achieve new life and wisdom.If You Are Dealing With The Death Of Someone You Love , This Is What I Want You To Do.Experience your emotions ! Do not hold them in ! LET IT OUT ! Take the time to let your emotions run their course . Do whatever it is that you do to efficiently and safely express your feeling and relieve mental pressure.Once you have lightened the tension in your mind , close your eyes and breath a few deep breaths . As you breath , remember their face and all they have brought to your life that you will carry with you everyday . Do this until you start to feel a sense of calm and relaxation . Now , tilt your head back and face heaven looking up to God and who you have lost . Visualize their compassionate smile , see them playing with God and Jesus free from the concept of time . Free from responsibility , pain and all other wordly stressors . Accept they are gone and feel joy for them getting to go to heaven . Understand they are no longer trapped by the limitations of their body and the energy of their soul has been set free . Feel this energy , feel their love around you . Feel it sweep you into safety , comfort and peace.When are ready , open your eyes knowing they are in your heart and you have access to them anytime you need them . Carry the lessons they have taught you on to others and do n’t disappoint them by letting their new life stop your current one.Thank you for reading this and I truly hope my words provided you help in any way . Death is difficult , to say the least , but with the right mindset you can turn it into a gift to someone else as opposed to something stolen from you . Carry on and share love wherever you go and whenever you can . “ The dead do not suffer the living to pass . ” - King of the Dead , Lord of the Rings : Return of the King	“ The dead do not suffer the living to pass . ” - King of the Dead , Lord of the Rings : Return of the King
Queen Bey has a solid strategy for email security . “ I have an email address I email [ to get in touch with Beyoncé ] , ” Sheeran told Entertainment Tonight of how his “ Perfect ” duet partner ‘ s email address “ actually changes every week . ” Speaking with at KIIS-FM ’s iHeartRadio Jingle Ball at the Forum in Inglewood , California , on Friday — where he took the stage with “ End Game ” collaborator Taylor Swift — Sheeran admitted that Beyoncé is incredibly good at “ hiding ” from the public . “ It ’s kind of what I aspire to be , I think , ” he said . Sheeran also revealed that their song had been planned since May and that they finished recording it in September . “ The original version of ‘ Perfect ’ was just an acoustic guitar and she rung me up and was like , ‘ I do n’t know how you feel about this but I ’ve taken all the instruments off it and it ’s just gon na be acoustic guitar , ’ and I was like , ‘ Ah that ’s great , because it used to be that ! ' ” he said of the duo ’s collaboration . Here ’s hoping that Sheeran will always have every update of Beyoncé ’s email address .	Beyoncé 's email address changes every week , says Ed Sheeran
When Samantha Bee , one of the only female hosts in late night , stated that women are n’t at all surprised by the number of sexual harassment and abuse stories coming forward , Stephen Colbert admitted , “ I feel dumb . ” The Full Frontal host was this year ’s guest at the annual fundraiser hosted by Colbert for the Montclair Film Festival , having worked with The Late Show host back when they were both on The Daily Show . The duo tackled the topic of the “ tsunami of penises ” and the volume and speed that sexual misconduct stories are being revealed . “ I did n’t know about Louis [ C.K. ] , ” said Colbert . “ I did n’t even know about Cosby . And that ’s dumb . ” Louis C.K. was originally scheduled to promote his film I Love You Daddy on The Late Show but pulled out just as the New York Times published a bombshell report with stories from multiple women about the comedian ’s alleged sexual misconduct . According to Colbert , the host had plans to address the rumors . “ The way I was going to approach talking to him about this subject , which I knew he did n’t want to talk about , was people in the movie talk about rumors of sexual impropriety by one of the characters . At like minute 42 , one of the characters says , ‘ Can you separate the artist from the rumors about him ? ’ How would you answer that question ? That was going to be my tack , ” Colbert revealed . The theatrical release of I Love You Daddy has since been canceled .	Stephen Colbert on not knowing about Louis C.K. : ' I feel dumb '
Vince Cable has called for the government to issue vindaloo visas and poppadum passes so that people of his age can obtain free access to a decent curry now and again.The Liberal Democrat leader used a speech at the British Curry Awards to back the move to get more retired people eating Indian take aways so that they can reap the benefits of being as fit as a fiddle and as strong as an ox just like the septuagenarian politician is.The Liberal Democrat spokesperson for Onion Bhaji side orders , Mrs. Tamara Ind said , “ Mr. Cable has been eating curry all his life — which is a bloody long time . No one gets to look like him at his age without eating at least a couple of curries a few times a week . Whilst you might not see him pissed up on Manchester ’s Wilmslow Road these days ordering the hottest thing on the menu so that he can win a fiver off his mates , he still swears by the fact that the reason why he looks like a prematurely aged twenty five year old is down to the amount of curry he has eaten in his life . ” Mr. Cable has proposed that instead of issuing the elderly with standard bus passes , the poppadum bus pass will grant free travel to anywhere in the country so long as it is for the purpose of visiting an Indian take away.The Lib Dem leader has also proposed the introduction of a vindaloo visa for older people that would like to travel to India to sample the exquisite curry dishes that are on offer over there . “ There ’s a whole host of new ideas the Lib Dems would like to introduce if we get elected at the next election . We ’d introduce a Tikka Masala Travel Card for people wanting to sample Indian food in London , a Biriyani boarding pass for people who want to come to the UK to eat curry — but this would only be granted if they already have a Rogan Josh right of entry of course . Finally , any illegal immigrants will be issued with a Dhansak deportation order if they are caught working illegally without a Jalfrezi job permit , ” Mrs. Ind added.Vince Cable — will announce a new Madras manifesto at the Paratha party conference … .	Vince Cable says the government should issue vindaloo visas and poppadum passes
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro announced the creation of the “ El Petro ” , a cryptocurrency backed by oil reserves yesterday . To support the present economy of the nation , and as a part of accepting the world of digital currency , the announcement was made . “ Venezuela will create a cryptocurrency , ” backed by oil , gas , gold and diamond reserves.In a five-hour showcase of Christmas songs and dancing televised broadcast , Maduro said ‘ El Petro ’ would be supported by country ’s rich reserves of oil and minerals . Currently , Venezuela ’s economy is collapsing under huge debt . To advance in issues of monetary sovereignty , to make financial transactions and overcome the financial blockade , Venezuela will create a new cryptocurrency , he said.Opposition derided the announcement , audiences were skeptical too . Many believe that cryptocurrency may have a future and if backed by central government or a commodity may succeed but Venezuela may not be a very good example for other countries to follow cryptocurrency.According to a report , currency controls and excessive money printing have led to a 57 percent depreciation of the bolivar against the dollar in the last month alone on the widely used black market . That has dragged down the monthly minimum wage to a mere $ 4.30 ( 3.2 pounds ) . U.S. President Donald Trump ’s administration has levied sanctions of relief fund for food and drugs for Venezuelan against Venezuelan officials , PDVSA executives and the country ’s debt issuance . Announcement of ‘ El Petro ’ could be Maduro ’s pivot away from the U.S. dollars.The recent rise of Bitcoin , supports the belief of cryptocurrency getting mainstream attention.This announcement is unlikely to bring any immediate relief , but if it is helpful to fight a financial war in Venezuela is something world would be interested to know.Voice your opinion — Is it a good move for people of Venezuela ? Please leave you comments below.Originally published at etherworld.co on December 4 , 2017 .	Venezuela to launch ‘ El Petro ’ , a cryptocurrency backed by oil
( Recasts with new quotes , details ) By Michael HoldenLONDON , Dec 4 ( Reuters ) - Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya should be extradited from Britain to his home country to face fraud charges of palming off losses from his failing Kingfisher ( LON : KGF ) Airlines onto a state-owned bank , a lawyer acting for India told a London court on Monday.Mallya denies any wrongdoing , and a court document showed his lawyers planned to argue that the case against him was politically motivated and aimed at quelling public anger in India over the accumulation of bad debts by state lenders.Mallya , 61 , has had business interests ranging from aviation to liquor . He is also the co-owner of the Formula One motor racing team Force India.Long-haired and bearded , Mallya arrived at Westminster Magistrates Court wearing a dark blue pin-striped suit and gold-rimmed dark glasses.He was mobbed by a large crowd of Indian reporters on arrival , and again later when the building was briefly evacuated because of a fire alarm and he had to step outside.The case against Mallya centres on a series of loans Kingfisher obtained from Indian banks , and in particular from state-owned IDBI . Indian banks want to recover a total of about $ 1.4 billion that the Indian authorities say Kingfisher owes.Mark Summers , a British lawyer acting for India , told the court at the start of a two-week extradition hearing that it was entitled to conclude that he never intended to repay money borrowed by Kingfisher from IDBI in 2009 . " His company was in intensive care ... it was heading in only one direction , " Summers said . " As it went down , it was going to sustain huge losses . " " THE COST OF FAILURE " Summers said Mallya faced a choice : to take those losses on himself and his lavish lifestyle , or to palm them off . " The cost of failure could either be borne honestly by the defendant or they could be passed on banks , in particular a state-owned bank , " he said.Summers said the airline had offered the security of its brand name , a further large injection of equity and a commitment to start repaying the capital debt in 2011 when it forecast it would become profitable . " The issue is whether those projections were honest , " Summers said.Mallya 's defence team were due to respond orally later in the hearing.In a written document prepared before the hearing and seen by Reuters , his lawyers argued that the extradition request should be rejected because of a lack of evidence , the " abusive origins " of the case , the impossibility of a fair trial in India and detention conditions there being incompatible with British human rights laws . " It is a case which has been driven in India not by evidential enquiry , but by a populist and misguided sentiment that the sheer size of the losses involved in the collapse of Kingfisher Airlines Ltd ( KFA ) must be indicative of some criminality somewhere , " the document said . " That sentiment has been stoked in India by politicians of every stripe , all of whom stand only to gain from the demonisation of KFA 's former senior executives , the bankers who lent to it , and - crucially - the man who is now presented as the embodiment of all the ills of capitalism in contemporary India , Dr Mallya . " The judge will have to decide whether there is a prima facie case against Mallya and whether the alleged crimes would be offences in Britain as well as India . ( Writing by Estelle Shirbon ; Editing by Andrew Heavens )	UPDATE 1-UK court hears fraud allegations against Indian tycoon Mallya
Ranking Every * General in the History of Warfare * Almost everyWhen Africanus asked who , in Hannibal ’s opinion , was the greatest general , Hannibal named Alexander … as to whom he would rank second , Hannibal selected Pyrrhus … asking whom Hannibal considered third , he named himself without hesitation . Then Scipio broke into a laugh and said , “ What would you say if you had defeated me ? ” Like Hannibal , I wanted to rank powerful leaders in the history of warfare . Unlike Hannibal , I sought to use data to determine a general ’s abilities , rather than specific accounts of generals ’ achievements . The result is a system for ranking every prominent commander in military history.The MethodInspired by baseball sabermetrics , I opted to use a system of Wins Above Replacement ( WAR ) . WAR is often used as an estimate of a baseball player ’s contributions to his team . It calculates the total wins added ( or subtracted ) by the player compared to a replacement-level player . For example , a baseball player with 5 WAR contributed 5 additional wins to his team , compared to the average contributions of a high-level minor league player . WAR is far from perfect , but provides a way to compare players based on one statistic.I adopted WAR to estimate a given military tactician ’s contributions beyond or below an average general . My model , which I explain below , provides an estimate for the performance of an average general in any given circumstances . I can then evaluate a general ’s quality based on how much they exceeded or fell short of a replacement general in the same circumstances ( assuming a replacement general would perform at an average level ) . In other words , I would find the generals ’ WAR , in war.My first challenge was constructing a reliable dataset . Since I was unable to find a comprehensive dataset of historical battles , I decided to build my own . I used Wikipedia ’s lists of battles as a starting point . While not comprehensive , Wikipedia ’s lists include 3,580 unique battles and 6619 generals , which provided a sufficient sample to create a model . I then developed a function that could scrape key information for each battle , including all of the commanders involved in the battle , the total forces available to those commanders , and the outcome of the battle . The resulting dataset provided a large sample of battles to create a baseline ( replacement-level ) performance , against which I would compare the performance of individual generals.Sample of battle data on Wikipedia , before scrapingSample of battle data scraped and processed into dataframeI then constructed a linear model from that sample of battles . For each battle , I separated the combatants ’ forces into infantry , cavalry , artillery , air force , and navy . I could then weight a general ’s numerical advantage or disadvantage compared to their adversary , and better isolate the general ’s ability as a tactician . The resulting model was surprisingly conservative in its weights , suggesting that raw soldier quantities have a relatively small effect compared to other factors such as terrain or technology , which further research could investigate in more detail . In this project , however , the results potentially inflate the importance of a commander ’s tactical acuity compared with other factors.I was ready to rank each general and delve into the results . I did so by isolating each general ’s battles , and assigning a WAR score to their performance in each battle . For instance , French Emperor Napoleon gained .49 WAR for his victory at the Battle of Borodino . Since French troops slightly outnumbered the forces of Russian Empire , the model gives a replacement general in Napoleon ’s position a 51 % chance of victory . The WAR system assigns Napoleon 1 win for his victory , but subtracts the chance a replacement general would have won anyway . Thus , Napoleon gains .49 wins above replacement.The system uses a similar methodology to handle defeats . For instance , Russian general Mikhail Kutuzov , one of Napoleon ’s adversaries in the Battle of Borodino , was attributed -.49 WAR from the confrontation . By suffering defeat , he achieved -1 win , but there ’s a 51 % chance a replacement general would have lost anyway.The ResultsAmong all generals , Napoleon had the highest WAR ( 16.679 ) by a large margin . In fact , the next highest performer , Julius Caesar ( 7.445 WAR ) , had less than half the WAR accumulated by Napoleon across his battles . Napoleon benefited from the large number of battles in which he led forces . Among his 43 listed battles , he won 38 and lost only 5 . Napoleon overcame difficult odds in 17 of his victories , and commanded at a disadvantage in all 5 of his losses . No other general came close to Napoleon in total battles . While Napoleon commanded forces in 43 battles , the next most prolific general was Robert E. Lee , with 27 battles ( the average battle count was 1.5 ) . Napoleon ’s large battle count allowed him more opportunities to demonstrate his tactical prowess . Alexander the Great , despite winning all 9 of his battles , accumulated fewer WAR largely because of his shorter and less prolific career.However , outside of Napoleon ’s outlying success , the generals ’ WARs largely adhere to a normal distribution . This suggests his success is attributable to command talent , rather than an anomaly in the model ’s findings . In fact , Napoleon ’s total WAR was nearly 23 standard deviations above the mean WAR accumulated by generals in the dataset.There were also generals that had surprisingly low total WAR despite a reputation as master tacticians . Robert E. Lee , commander of the Confederate States Army , finished with a negative WAR ( -1.89 ) , suggesting an average general would have had more success than Lee leading the Confederacy ’s armies . Lee was saddled with considerable disadvantages , including a large deficit in the size of his military and available resources . Still , his reputation as an adept tactician is likely undeserved , and his WAR supports the historians who have criticized his overall strategy and handling of key battles , such as ordering the disastrous ‘ Pickett ’s Charge ’ on the last day of the Battle of Gettysburg . In the words of University of South Carolina professor Thomas Connely , “ One ponders whether the South may not have fared better had it possessed no Robert E. Lee . ” German field marshal Erwin Rommel , nicknamed the ‘ Desert Fox ’ for his successes in North Africa during World War II , also performed poorly in this model , finishing with -1.953 WAR . This finding disputes the praise Rommel has received as a tactician from modern generals , including Norman Schwarzkopf and Ariel Sharon . However , like Lee , Rommel has been the subject of considerable historical debate . In particular , critics have attributed much of his reputation as a tactical genius to both German and Allied propaganda . British generals reportedly exaggerated Rommel ’s tactical abilities in order to minimize disapproval regarding their defeats.Modern generals performed relatively poorly in the model . American general George S. Patton , described by historian Terry Brighton as “ among the greatest generals of [ World War II ] , ” accumulated only .9 WAR . The failure of modern generals to perform well in WAR may be attributable to changes in warfare which have prevented individual generals from participating in a large number of battles.Among post-World War II generals , Israeli commanders stood out . Israeli military leader Moshe Dayan finished with 2.109 WAR ( 60th overall ) , an impressive amount for a modern general but relatively modest compared to pre-20th Century tacticians . Similarly , former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accumulated 2.171 WAR ( 58th overall ) for his battlefield successes in the Suez Crisis , Six-Day War , and Yom Kippur War.Finally , I compared Hannibal ’s assessment of the top generals of all time to my model . According to WAR , Hannibal underrated his own abilities — of all generals to date , Hannibal had the highest WAR at 5.519 ( 6th overall ) . Alexander the Great , who Hannibal named the top general , was just behind Hannibal ’s mark with 4.391 WAR ( 10th overall ) . However , Alexander died after fighting just 9 battles , winning all of them . Hannibal had 17 battles to accumulate value , winning 13 , losing 2 , and drawing 2 . Thus , I agree with Hannibal ’s assessment that Alexander was the more able tactician , even though Hannibal provided more total value — Alexander demonstrated his ability to win battles , and likely would have continued to win had he not succumbed to illness.My findings starkly diverge from Hannibal ’s assessment regarding Pyrrhus of Epirus , a Greek general and early Roman rival . My model credits Pyrrhus with only 3 battles and -0.53 WAR . Although Hannibal attributes innovative military tactics to Pyrrhus , I am deeply skeptical of his overall tactical acumen , even before considering his inability to prevent catastrophic casualties to his armies during his victories.This project and the resulting visualizations hopefully provide a fun and interesting way to explore and compare generals ’ relative success . WAR provides a useful paradigm for empirically comparing generals , although future research could improve this model by expanding the dataset or considering other factors , such as strength of opponent.Please do not hesitate to provide feedback on twitter ( @ethanarsht ) or ethanarsht@gmail.com . Code and data available here : https://github.com/ethanarsht/military_rankings . I apologize for the mess.Napoleon ’s height was 5 ' 7 " , slightly taller than average for his time.Napoleon is a huge outlier with nearly 17 WARMoshe Dayan boosted his WAR by winning the Six-Day War , despite a numerical disadvantageDepiction of the Battle of Cannae , a decisive victory for Hannibal against Roman consuls Varro and Paulus	Napoleon was the Best General Ever , and the Math Proves it .
SINCE festive telly became the phenomenon that it is , armchair fans have rowed over what they think is the greatest Christmas movie ever . Naturally , these passionate debates involve discussions about how a film qualifies for consideration . Getty - ContributorFor some , Die Hard , with its f-bomb-loving , wise-cracking New York cop John McClane ( Bruce Willis ) battling machine gun-firing terrorists led by Hans Gruber ( the late , great Alan Rickman ) in LA 's Nakatomi Plaza skyscraper , just is n't Christmassy enough . They 're wrong . As wrong as a police chief sending in the SWAT team after McClane 's already said that the villains have " enough plastic explosives to orbit Arnold Schwarzenegger " . Damn bureaucrats ! So what counts as a Christmas film ? 20th Century FoxWell , these are the rules - and by THE rules I mean MY rules . Just like John McClane , I 'm a no nonsense bad boy delivering my own brand of justice , and even as I write this I 'm wearing a white sleeveless top and walking barefoot on broken glass . ( I 'm doing neither of those things but I want you to know this is serious business . Sorry . ) RULES OF A CHRISTMAS MOVIE1 . The action has to take place at Christmas .2 . Christmas has to be used as a plot device .3 . Christmas has to be referenced throughout the screenplay . Die Hard satisfies all three rules easily , and does so very early on . In the first two scenes of the movie , we see our hero John land in LA on Christmas Eve carrying a huge cuddly toy bear . It 's a Christmas present for one of his kids . He 's off to a Christmas party , thrown by his estranged wife Holly 's ( Bonnie Bedelia ) firm - the Nakatomi Corporation - and he asks his limo driver - the genius Argyle - if he has any Christmas music . On arrival , as McClane makes his way to the 30th floor where the party is being held , he 's actually whistling the tune of Jingle Bells . Come on people . That 's a lot of Christmas already and we 're only five minutes in . Rex FeaturesRule 1 then is already taken care of , as this story is clearly happening at Christmas . Rule 2 is sorted , as the only reason McClane is even there is because he 's coming to see his family for the holidays . The building in question is under construction and the soon-to-be-hostages are only on site because their bosses thought it 'd be a cool place to have a Christmas do . And what 's more Christmassy than the office party ? Rule 3 is not even a contest . The original trailer ( above ) has three Christmas references in its first 10 seconds and the gag-heavy screenplay , co-written by Steven E. de Souza and Jeb Stuart , is littered with them . A personal favourite is just after McClane kills his first terrorist . He sends a warning to the remaining villains by dressing him in a Santa hat and sending him down in a lift with " Now I have a machine gun . Ho , Ho , Ho " written on his top . Still not satisfied ? OK then . What about something miraculous ? In a later scene Theo , chief villain Hans Gruber 's tech guy , tells his boss that to open the final lock of the Nakatomi vault he 's going to need a miracle . When the authorities shut down power around the building to scare the terrorists , it has the impact of enabling the electronic safe to open . It prompts one of the movie 's most famous lines , as Hans says triumphantly : " You asked for miracles Theo , I give you the F-B-I . " Towards the end of Die Hard , John McClane faces up to Hans Gruber and one of his henchman , who are still holding Holly hostage . As she spots her beaten and bloodied husband , her first word is " Jesus ! " - quite apt for a potential saviour ! To Hans it now appears as though he will finally get to kill John , but what he does n't know is that McClane is hiding a gun which he has stuck to his back with Christmas tape . Watch the clip below and check out its festive design . As he rips the weapon from his back and shoots the bad guys , John is essentially giving himself and his wife the ultimate gifts of freedom and life . The Lord moves in mysterious ways . Other arguments in favour of Die Hard 's Christmas case include the claim that John McClane is named after John the Baptist . And some link the fact that there are 12 terrorists with both the 12 Apostles and 12 Days of Christmas . Warner BrosThe case against normally takes the form that Die Hard is too violent for Christmas . So what about the competition ? Home Alone is about burglary and child neglect . It 's A Wonderful Life tells the story of a suicidal banker , and Gremlins features a scene where an elderly lady is tormented on a stairlift . They should n't be disqualified for their violence either . It 's about how the story ends . In Die Hard 's case , the ending is perfect . McClane 's big pal Sgt. Al Powell earns his own redemption by shooting the final terrorist , Karl . As John and Holly kiss , confirming their Christmas family reunion , limo driver Argyle declares : " If this is their idea of Christmas , I got ta be here for New Year 's ! " And as the end credits of the film begi , n we are treated to Vaughn Monroe 's spiritually uplifting Christmas song Let It Snow ! Let It Snow ! Let It Snow ! If you 're still not convinced , just go home , take off your shoes , walk around on the carpet " making fists with your toes " ( just as Bruce did in the movie ) and watch it again . McClane will do the rest . " Yippie Ki Yay M ********** r ! "	Bruce Willis classic Die Hard IS a Christmas film , it ’s THE greatest festive movie there is and this is why
AT&amp;T and the Justice Department are to battle it out in court , with the issue of the $ 85 billion merger between the multinational conglomerate and Time Warner hanging in the balance . The U.S. District Court has set December 7 as the date for the initial status conference , during which the Justice Department ’s case will be presented . The Justice Department , who blocked the deal , claims that the acquisition will allow AT&amp;T to “ hinder its rivals ” . Names come and names go ; Fuller and Green to exit American Gods amid “ differences ” Showrunners Bryan Fuller ( Hannibal ) and Michael Green ( Blade Runner 2049 ) are to step down from Starz ’s American Gods amid “ creative differences ” . The premium cable network has not announced who will replace the duo , who are thought to have already penned a number of episode scripts for the forthcoming second season.The series , based on Neil Gaiman ’s extraordinarily successful novel of the same name , received rave reviews from critics and viewers alike , with more than 975,000 people having tuned in to the premiere . In our review , we said that it left us “ dazed and sated , yet begging for more . ” Netflix acquires Chinese detective drama Day and Night for worldwide distributionNetflix is showing off its international ambitions , having snagged distribution rights to Day and Night , a 32-episode detective drama series from Chinese streaming platform Youku Tudou . The series , set to debut in all 190-plus countries and regions where Netflix operates , has received more than four billion views on Youku since it premiered locally in China back in August . Yang Weidong , president of Youku , Alibaba Digital Media and Entertainment Group , dubbed it as a “ ground-breaking distribution agreement ” . Originally published at filmdaily.co on December 4 , 2017 .	Moves and Shakes : Showrunners exit ‘ American Gods ’ ; Netflix buys Chinese drama
There are some things that will never change . White House staffers are realizing that when it comes to TrumpNearly a year into his presidency , Donald Trump 's high-level staff members have given up on trying to calm their boss ' Twitter habit . Despite numerous attempts , administration officials seem to have concluded that there 's nothing they can do to stop the president from damaging himself and fellow Republicans by spouting off whatever happens to come into his head — usually directly from television.This is both a very good thing and a very bad thing for the staffers . Some White House employees are seeing Trump adding fuel to a fire that could very well bring him down , Politico noted . The tweets all combined to reignite fears among people close to Trump that the president is not taking the special counsel ’s investigation seriously enough and is getting bad advice from his legal team . Trump supporters , former campaign aides and former administration officials are beginning to privately raise red flags that the White House ca n’t keep up with the president ’s own tweets and does n’t have a coherent messaging strategy on the Russia investigation , according to interviews with a half-dozen people close to the president . The people close to the president stressed that they are not worried that special counsel Robert Mueller will ensnare the president or find evidence of collusion . But they nonetheless fear that the near-daily revelations about the investigation will overtake Trump ’s presidency.But amid the worries , a sense of zen is creeping in . Politico reported that White House officials were saying that Trump 's Twitter habit was best ignored , saying it was a " lost cause . " That may be the biggest takeaway from the age of John Kelly , Trump 's second chief of staff .	Trump staffers are worried about Trump ’s tweetstorms affecting the Mueller investigation
TULSA , Okla. ( AP ) — In a story Dec. 1 about an open records request seeking documents related to use-of-force incidents and complaints the Tulsa police department has received from citizens , The Associated Press misidentified the organization that made the request . The request was filed by the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund Inc. , not the NAACP.A corrected version of the story is below : Civil rights organization seeks Tulsa police records on use-of-force , complaintsThe NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund Inc. has filed an open records request with the Tulsa police department seeking documents related to use-of-force incidents and complaints it 's received from citizensTULSA , Okla. ( AP ) — A civil rights group has filed an open records request with the Tulsa police department seeking documents related to use-of-force incidents and complaints it 's received from citizens.The NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund Inc. announced the request Friday and also is seeking copies of training manuals , community policing guidelines and records on stops and searches of suspects.The group says it has been monitoring citizen concerns about excessive force since last September , when a white Tulsa police officer fatally shot an unarmed black man.The officer , Betty Jo Shelby , was charged with manslaughter in the death of Terence Crutcher and was acquitted in May by a jury.Prosecutors argued that Shelby overreacted . Videos from a patrol car dashboard and a police helicopter showed Crutcher had his hands in the air .	Correction : Killings by Police-Tulsa story
Credit : Kathryn Gamble Pigeons are n't so bird-brained after all . New research at the University of Iowa shows that pigeons can discriminate the abstract concepts of space and time -- and seem to use a different region of the brain than humans and primates to do so . In experiments , pigeons were shown on a computer screen a static horizontal line and had to judge its length or the amount of time it was visible to them . Pigeons judged longer lines to also have longer duration and judged lines longer in duration to also be longer in length . What that means , says Edward Wasserman , Stuit Professor of Experimental Psychology in the Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences at the UI , is pigeons use a common area of the brain to judge space and time , suggesting that these abstract concepts are not processed separately . Similar results have been found with humans and other primates . The finding adds to growing recognition in the scientific community that lower-order animal species -- such as birds , reptiles , and fish -- are capable of high-level , abstract decision-making . " Indeed , the cognitive prowess of birds is now deemed to be ever closer to that of both human and nonhuman primates , " says Wasserman , who has studied intelligence in pigeons , crows , baboons , and other animals for more than four decades . " Those avian nervous systems are capable of far greater achievements than the pejorative term ' bird brain ' would suggest . " Humans are able to perceive space and time , even without the aid of inventions such as a watch or a ruler . The region of the brain that helps humans make those abstract concepts more tangible is the parietal cortex , part of the cerebral cortex and the outermost layer of the brain . The cerebral cortex is known to be a locus of higher thought processes , including speech and decision-making , and the four lobes that comprise it , including the parietal cortex , process different types of sensory information . But the pigeon brain does n't have a parietal cortex , or at least one developed enough to be distinct . So , the birds must employ another area of the brain to discriminate between space and time -- or perhaps there 's a common evolutionary mechanism in the central nervous system shared by early primates and birds . Wasserman and his team wanted to find out . They put pigeons through a series of tasks called the " common magnitude " test . Put simply , the birds were shown on a computer screen a horizontal line either 6 cm or 24 cm long for either 2 seconds or 8 seconds . If they correctly reported ( by pecking one of four visual symbols ) the length or the duration of the line , they received food . The test then became more nuanced . The researchers introduced additional line lengths , thus adding greater variability in judging whether a line was short or long ; they also presented the line to the pigeons for either a shorter or longer duration . " The task now forces pigeons to process time and space simultaneously because they can not know on which dimension they 're going to be tested , " Wasserman says . The researchers found that the length of the line affected the pigeons ' discrimination of line duration , and the duration of the line affected the pigeons ' discrimination of line length . This interplay of space and time paralleled research done with humans and monkeys and revealed the common neural coding of these two physical dimensions . Researchers previously believed that the parietal cortex was the locus of this interplay . However , because pigeons lack an apparent parietal cortex , Wasserman 's findings suggest this is n't always the case . The paper , " Non-cortical magnitude coding of space and time by pigeons , " was published online Dec. 4 in the journal Current Biology . Benjamin De Corte , a third-year graduate student with the UI 's Iowa Neuroscience Institute and the Department of Neurology who helped design and execute the experiments , says the results show pigeons process space and time in ways similar to humans and other primates . " The cortex is not unique to judging space and time , " says De Corte , who is first author on the paper . " The pigeons have other brain systems that allow them to perceive these dimensions . " Victor Navarro , a UI graduate student in Wasserman 's lab , helped design and carry out the experiments and is a contributing author on the paper . The Alfred P. Sloan Foundation funded the research .	Pigeons can discriminate both space and time
Letting go of someone else ’s expectations led me to the life I wantI grew up in a world of “ shoulds . ”“ You should clean up your room every day . ”“ You should set aside prayer time every day . ”“ You should save 10 % of everything you earn . ”“ You should finish everything you start . ”“ You should always be polite . ”“ You should dream big . ”“ You should have concrete goals . ” There ’s a lot of wisdom in these “ shoulds ” and a lot of pressure , as well . By the time I was 23 , I had a distinct image in my head that symbolized the progress I was making on becoming the “ best ” version of myself . The image was a paper doll outline , and every time I felt I accomplished a “ should ” I mortared in a little brick . The bricks started at the feet and made their way up.I lived with this image in my head for years and managed to brick my way up to just about mid-chest level . There , the bricks stopped . Every so often , I would try to add a new brick only to discover that it somehow disappeared the next time I wanted to add a new brick . Somehow , someway , the brick wall stalled at that point . I felt frustrated and defeated . I could never be good enough.People are always more perfect when viewed from a distance.I finally stopped working on filling in the doll , understanding that I was inherently broken and unable to be the person I imagined becoming : Someone who had it all together . A person with a “ good ” career at a “ good ” company , successfully living on their own , saving money while planning for retirement , always perfectly coiffed and styled with perfect makeup , who had the right answers in the right moment and phrased them just right.In other words , just like other women I admired and how I imagined they were . People are always more perfect when viewed from a distance.It was an impossible standard to live up to.Even once I was able to recognize that important point , I still could n’t let go of the paper doll image in my head and what it represented . My failure . My incompetence.Those “ shoulds ” laid heavily on my shoulders , weighing me down with my disappointments and inabilities . I did n’t see them for what they truly were : someone else ’s expectations placed upon me without my permission . “ Shoulds ” are boundary-crossers . When someone “ shoulds ” on us , they place an expectation upon us that may not be realistic for where — and who — we are at that moment.The real problem is when we adopt these external “ shoulds ” for ourselves . When we are living paycheck-to-paycheck and struggling to put food on the table and gas in the car , saving ten percent is not a realistic expectation . And yet , too often , we feel guilty for not doing what we know we “ should . ” When we choose , we cast off guilt.I first learned this point when I attended a sales training offered by a company I worked for . In walked Bob Gregoire , a Sandler Sales trainer and consultant , and a few things he shared across those days really hit home with me.He gave us permission to cast off the “ shoulds , ” suggesting we banish the word from our vocabulary . “ Shoulds ” hold us back and constrain us . Instead , he guided , opt for a choice . Choosing is empowering . “ I choose to save ten percent of my income ” resonates very differently in my body than “ I should save ten percent of my income . ” When we choose , we cast off guilt . When we hit an obstacle with our choosing ( say , an unexpected expense ) , we can make a different choice . I can choose to put new tires on my car and forego saving this month , or I can choose to dip into my savings , or I can choose to take public transportation until I have enough cash to pay for the tires and still save . In replacing “ shoulds ” with choices , we become more flexible our decision-making and free ourselves from guilt.I cast off everything I knew I “ should ” do and I “ should ” be and became a blank slate of wants.Choosing means understanding our desires and our dreams . I desire to get off the financial roller coaster , and to do so , I choose to save every month . I desire to have a stable and healthy romantic relationship , so I choose to attend therapy and change some of my relational behaviors . I dream of owning my own business and I choose to be underemployed so I have the time and the emotional energy to make that dream come true.I dream . I desire . I choose . ( I do n’t know about you and your experience in reading these last few paragraphs , but I went from being stressed out over all those “ shoulds ” to relaxed over the power to choose . ) After the first day of training , I went home and did something I ’d never done before . I took out a few sheets of paper and went about the process of designing my life.If I lived my life in my way , what would it look like ? I spent four hours plugging away at it , tweaking , modifying , exploring , defining . For the first time in my life , I cast off everything I knew I “ should ” do and I “ should ” be and became a blank slate of wants.The paper doll vanished.As I started living out this new life , I became aware of how deeply the word “ should ” permeated my daily life . I started discovering little “ shoulds ” hiding in odd places of my life . One of the most interesting was one around my eating habits . I discovered that I “ should ” finish all the food on my plate , even if it tastes disgusting or I ’m full . Each newly-uncovered “ should ” was examined and explored , then cast off or chosen . With each choice , a new layer of guilt was cast off.I dream . I desire . I choose.There was another benefit for me , too . I had a newly-found ability to erect and maintain relational boundaries . When a family member told me I “ should ” do something , I knew right away if it fit within the framework of the new life I was building for myself.I had permission to say , “ Thanks for the advice ; I ’ll think about it , ” and then immediately cast it off . The obligation to take on that “ should ” melted away . I stopped letting people “ should ” all over me.My life today is not the life I designed for myself eight years ago and that ’s wonderful . Circumstances changed ; my desires changed . And each time , I was able to look at the situation and make a choice : stick to the original plan or make a change . I never expected to take a sabbatical from my career , and here I am . I never expected to move to a more rural area , and I love it . I did n’t foresee a diagnosis of bipolar disorder or to become a Christian , yet each step was a choice and not a should.The process is not perfect and every so often I do an exercise to find and excise the “ shoulds ” living in my life . Each time , I find it freeing and energizing . It refocuses me and helps me make sure I ’m living out my priorities . Learning to cast off the “ shoulds ” is one of the top 10 gifts I ’ve ever received .	Do n’t Should on Me
When news broke that Joël Matip would miss time with a thigh injury , the prognosis was bad — the expectation was that the defender , Jürgen Klopp ’s first choice centre half , would miss the entirety of the busy holiday fixture list and be out until at least the new year . Today , though , there may be good news . " I do n't know how long exactly he 'll be out , but he 's not playing Wednesday , " was the managr ’s update when asked about Matip today , though when asked about a timeline , Klopp seemed surprised . " A month ? No , I do n't think so . It 's possible , but we have to wait . But it 's possible that it will be shorter . ” In the meantime , the expectation will be that Ragnar Klavan or Joe Gomez — with the first returning from injury over the weekend and not fit to start and the second coming off playing three games in a week — will start at the back alongside Dejan Lovren and that we wo n’t see another unorthodox back three . That selection , of midfielders Gini Wijnaldum and Emre Can to either side of Lovren , worked against Brighton over the weekend , but the expectation will be for a return to centre halves playing centre halves when Klopp has options he considers fit to start . Still , for the manager it ’s good to know he has options . “ They have to do it , we do n't have anybody else , ” added Klopp when asked about his decision making process when landing on a Can , Lovren , Wijnaldum back three . " I enjoyed it . It was like , ‘ Wow , interesting ! ’ We had 20 minutes in training then we spoke for a little bit in the team meeting before the game . “ It was clear it would n't be perfect , but the boys were ready to cope with the difficulties of the new system and they did really well . "	Klopp on Matip Injury Situation and “ Interesting ” Back Three
Hey you . Yes , you!Will you listen to the jibber-jabber that I behold ? Or maybe just pretend to be hearing ( if not listening ) . Please !! Pretty Please ! ! So , where do I start ? Umm , who am I ? Well , that ’s a question that i have been pondering upon for quite sometime now . I do n’t really see myself like an author or poet , nor do I consider myself a software engineer . But you know what ? I have got all the negative ramblings from these two faces , the utter need of planning from ‘ DEVELOPER ’ , the scattered thoughts from ‘ POET ’ . And I am neither!But even if I do not say I deserve the title of a ‘ poet ’ , it has all the claws on me . And today , let me share a secret with you ( as if you know the other secrets that i have been beholding :P ) , no matter , how beautiful those words seem in those beautiful songs , no matter how many likes those shayaris get , and no matter how many standing ovations those poems receive , the pain of being a slave of words , ca n’t be expressed . The words , that bleed out of the pens , do n’t really signify the essence of better understanding in the heart , but a trap the the heart is in . I feel TRAPPED . Trapped in my own emotions , in my own thoughts , and in my own world , that I dare not say is ‘ SMALL ’ . I do n’t really know if you ’ll read this , but please if you do , HELP me . I am too scattered to be planned , and I am too deep to be rescued , but if you may , just keep calling my name in the dark abyss , and may be , one day I am no more incarcerated.With love , The slashed and punctured !	Lend me an ear .
Since its 2015 debut , digital evangelists have preached how the ethereum network will be perfect for applications such as managing supply chains and securities sales . What it ’s actually used for is buying kittens.CryptoKitties , an online game that debuted on Nov. 28 , is now the most popular smart contract -- essentially , an application that runs itself -- on ethereum , accounting for 11 percent of all transactions on the network , according to ETH Gas Station . That ’s up from 4 percent on Dec. 2 for the network , which uses the distributed-ledger technology known as blockchain.CryptoKittiesSource : CryptoKitties.coIn the game , players buy cartoon kittens , and then breed them with other cats . More than 22,000 cats have been sold so far , for a total of $ 3 million , according to Crypto Kitty Sales . One of the cats went for $ 117,712 , although average sales price hovers around $ 109 , according to the sales tracker . Each cat has a unique identity that ’s logged on the ethereum blockchain , which is a digital ledger of transactions . CryptoKitties is one of the first blockbuster applications to emerge for ethereum . The blockchain is already used for transactions in currency called ether , the second largest after bitcoin . It ’s also widely used for issuing tokens in so-called initial coin offerings , with which startups raise funds . The game is the first successful non-coin related application to emerge on the blockchain.CryptoKitties ’ success could be a sign that ethereum may thrive as a gaming platform . Indeed , many users of blockchains are the same kind of people who that already play PC and console video games . And it could take a bite out of the $ 108.9 billion global games market.If the game ’s popularity continues to skyrocket , it could also potentially slow down ethereum ’s network and increase average transaction prices . Already , the number of pending transactions on the blockchain has risen many times over in the last several days . Since ethereum ’s fee structure is affected by demand , costs could go up for everyone .	CryptoKitties Quickly Becomes Most Widely Used Ethereum App
I met this ' amazing ' guy who I really like . He would complement me , ask if I want a child ( giving a description that matches his red hair ) , we have the same interests , hobbies , values ( seemingly ) . On a weekend away he talks about his exes the whole time even about sex he had with one of them . I naturally have a very fast metabolism and I jog regularly so Im skinny but he keeps on telling me I am too skinny . On the road during a stop at the shop while Im walking towards where he is waiting for me I see him checking out a girls ass . The night while we are outside he holds me in his arms tightly and then tells me before everyone goes to bed that I can lay by him if I get to cold . I did not . The next morning while we are sitting and talking he starts rubbing my hands and then my feet . Later he tries to set me up with the son of the man where we stayed over . Then while we are driving back he keeps on telling me that it is nice for a guy and girl to have a good time and then he ask he if I got cold at night and I said yes because I did n't wan na lie , he then said why I did n't come and lay by him and if I at least thought of it . I said yes . He then tells me that he wished he realised how much potential the daughter of the man at whom we stayed over at had ( she is now married ) and he said that he would have made a move on her . He then	Why is he doing this to me and why does he keep calling ?
These primarily serve as steps to building safety . Check with your Ogden building department to know which permits and inspections are necessary in your area which changes depending on the climate and other factors.Layout and attachment of deck to the house.When it comes to building decks , the primary issue that homeowners have to face is how it will be laid out to complement the look of the house . Consider the overall design of your home , the outdoor space available , the yard ’s grade and soil type , existing trees and other home features such as garden or landscapes , and access to and from inside the house . You also have the option to build the deck free-standing or attached to the house . For better accessibility , many prefer an attached deck and with this you have to think out how the deck will be sufficiently supported and how to cut through the siding.MaterialsOne great thing about undertaking just any home improvements today is the wider range of materials and supplies that you an choose from compared . Traditionally , decks are built of wood but now you can find other alternatives that will perfectly match the luxurious look and feel you prefer , maintenance you and the family are willing to put up with , your budget , and the strength of the material to serve the functions of the deck efficiently . Other than the decking material itself ; here are other considerations to take . More any info please visit http://www.ogdendecks.com/	The Best Deck Builder Service Ogden
NEW DELHI ( AFP ) - Angelo Mathews defied India 's bowlers and soaring pollution with a century as Sri Lanka reached 270-4 at tea in the third Test in New Delhi on Monday , a day after smog protests interrupted play.Mathews reached 111 on day three before falling to Ravichandran Ashwin just ahead of tea at a hazy Feroz Shah Kotla stadium in the heavily polluted Indian capital.There was no repeat of Sunday 's dramatic scenes where play was halted three times as Sri Lanka 's fielders , many wearing face masks , complained about the visible haze.Mathews put on a 181-run stand with skipper Dinesh Chandimal after the visitors resumed on their overnight 131-3 . Chandimal , on 98 , was batting alongside Sadeera Samarawickrama , who came down the order after taking a hit on his helmet on day one . He did not take to the field on Sunday.The visitors trail by 266 runs after India declared their first innings on 536-7 Sunday , when play was delayed over the polluted air.Conditions were even worse Monday , with concentration of the smallest and most harmful airborne pollutants 18 times the World Health Organization 's safe level , just before the players took lunch.On Sunday it was 15 times over the WHO limit , according to the US embassy website.Mathews , who survived three dropped catches , ended his two-year century drought with a boundary off paceman Ishant Sharma . His last ton came against India in Galle.Chandimal , who needed help from a trainer in the morning session after appearing unwell , batted with patience to close in on his 10th Test ton.Sri Lanka , who trail 1-0 in the three-match series after their thrashing in the second game , need a win to draw the series against top-ranked India .	Mathews century as pollution soars in New Delhi
The highly anticipated Alabama Senate special election race will conclude on Dec. 12 , when voters will decide whether Republican Roy Moore or Democrat Doug Jones will fill the seat left vacant by Attorney General Jeff Sessions . The special Senate race was largely seen as Moore ’s to lose after the primary , when the former judge defeated Sen. Luther Strange despite him being backed by establishment Republicans and President Donald Trump . But the Alabama special election has tightened in recent weeks as nearly a dozen women have accused Moore of sexual misconduct . Many saw the allegations against Moore as a boost for former prosecutor Jones , though national Democrats have largely stayed out of the Special Election in ruby-red Alabama . After stumping for Strange , President Trump switched his support to Moore . While Moore has maintained Trump ’s support throughout the race , his backing seemed to be jeopardized by accusations that Moore had sexually molested at least one teenage girl when he was in his 30s . On Dec. 4 , Trump signaled that he was all-in for Moore , tweeting that the Congress needed his vote on key issues like tax reform . “ Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama , ” the tweet read . “ We need his vote on stopping crime , illegal immigration , Border Wall , Military , Pro Life , V.A. , Judges 2nd Amendment and more . No to Jones , a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet ! ” Thankful for President Trump 's support.The America First agenda will #MAGA . Ca n't wait to help him #DrainTheSwamp . #ALSEN https://t.co/pYu9h7TYVN— Judge Roy Moore ( @MooreSenate ) December 4 , 2017 Here ’s everything else you need to know about the upcoming Special Election . Alabama Special Election Date The Special Election is scheduled for Dec. 12 . There were reports that Republicans were trying to delay the Special Election when women kept coming forward to accuse Moore of sexual misconduct , but Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey shut that idea down pretty quickly . Ivey has said she will support Moore in the election , even though she said in November that she had “ no reason to disbelieve ” Moore ’s accusers . The governor said at the time that she felt Republicans needed to win in order to secure votes for Supreme Court justices and judicial nominees . Alabama Special Election Candidates There are three candidates running in the Alabama Special Election : Moore , Jones , and write-in candidate Lee Busby . Roy Moore A former state supreme court justice who has twice been removed from the bench , Moore has been a controversial figure from the start . He is best known for defying federal orders to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples and to remove a Ten Commandments monument from a state judicial building . He has also made inflammatory comments about gays and Muslims ; after Rep. Keith Ellison , a Democrat from Minnesota , was elected in 2006 , Moore wrote an op-ed saying he should not be allowed to serve because of his faith . He has recently been accused of sexually molesting at one teenage girl , sexually assaulting another , and attempting to initiate romantic relationships and sexual encounters with other teens when he was in his thirties . Moore has denied those allegations , but they ’ve become a focal point of his race against Jones . Doug Jones Jones is a former federal prosecutor known for bringing , and winning , a case against former members of the Ku Klux Klan that were involved in the 1963 bombing of a Birmingham church . Four African American girls died in that bombing , which occurred at the height of the Civil Rights movement . Interest in Jones has grown in the wake of the allegations against Moore — at least one poll has shown them neck-in-neck in recent weeks , but the candidate faces an uphill battle . Jones ’ stance on abortion has been a problem in the race because at the end of the day Alabama is a conservative state . Lee Busby In late November , a retired Marine colonel named Lee Busby announced he was launching a write-in campaign in the Alabama Special Election race . In an interview with TIME , he said : “ Both of the candidates have committed bases but those bases are at the far left flank and the far right flank and I think there is a vast number in the middle that are tired of the divisiveness int he country and will take that option if they ’re given the option and thats all I ’m doing . ” Latest Alabama Special Election Polls Alabama Special Election polls have been mixed from the beginning , but a recent CBS News poll found that 49 % of likely voters support Moore in the race compared to 43 % who support Jones . The poll found that little over half of likely voters , 52 % , said that the allegations against Moore are concerning , but other issues in the race matter more , though the poll did not specifically ask about which issues trumped this one . The poll did find that more respondents tended to believe immigrants make American society “ worse in the long run ” and that same-sex marriage should not be legal . The overwhelming majority also think that the media or Democrats are behind Moore ’s accusations , according to the survey . A recent Washington Post-Schar School poll of likely voters finds 50 % support Jones , while 47 % back Moore . The poll has a margin of error of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points . But a Real Clear Politics average of the race has Moore leading by 2.6 percentage points as of Dec. 4 . But pollsters have warned against reading too far into the numbers in this Special Election race , even in the wake of the scandals . As Politico reported , few surveys have been conducted since the news of Moore ’s allegations broke , most of the polling firms are little-known , and few national outlets have stepped in to survey the landscape . “ The most important and closely watched election in the nation is taking place in the equivalent of a polling black box , ” Politico noted .	The Alabama Special Election Race Between Roy Moore and Doug Jones Will Be Over Soon . Here 's What to Know
LEONID SLUTSKY could be offered a way back into football at Chelsea . Slutsky , who was sacked by Hull at the weekend , is pals with fellow Russian and Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich . Dave Pinegar - The SunAbramovich is considering what to do following the departure of technical director Michael Emenalo last month from Stamford Bridge . Chelsea are unsure whether to directly replace Emenalo or whether to split his old role into two new jobs . Slutsky and Abramovich talk regularly and the former CSKA Moscow coach will take time before deciding whether to remain in England or go home . But he will have discussions with his friend over his decision . Ed SykesSlutsky was sacked by Hull City on Sunday after just six months in charge , with the Tigers in 20th place in the Championship . Slutsky was granted access to Chelsea games last season and visited the club ’s Cobham training ground . Having been appointed by Hull , Slutsky signed Ola Aina , Michael Hector and Fikayo Tomori on loan from the Blues . The Russian boss only took control of the side in the summer , but after just four wins in 20 games , he departed the KCOM Stadium on Sunday . Hull currently sit 20th in the Championship table , and are without a win in five games , recently drawing 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday on Saturday . Speaking to the club 's website , Slutsky said : " I would like to really thank everyone associated with Hull City from the players and staff to the owner and especially the fans . AFPReuters 💰 How to claim your FREE £ 30 bet 💰 2 Bet £ 10 or more 3 Sun Bets will stick a £ 30 bet in your account “ I am very proud to have been through this experience , it was challenging but a very exciting time for me . " Hull City will always be a part of my heart and I wish the team all the very best for the future . ” He has left the club along with the Tigers ' head of club strategy Oleg Yarovinsky .	Chelsea news : Leonid Slutsky could be offered way back into football by Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich after Hull sacking
NOTHING will stop Anna Windass from taking revenge against Pat Phelan in Coronation Street . The cafe worker - who is played by actress Debbie Rush in the ITV soap - has been framed for attempted murder by her rapist Pat Phelan and locked up awaiting trial . But after collapsing in prison , Anna is taking to hospital where she is allowed to recover . Unfortunately Kevin Webster visits and tactfully as ever ends their relationship , leaving Anna utterly devastated . Utterly heartbroken Anna resigns herself to going back to prison to rot , but when a guard leaves her alone , she takes her chance . Pulling on an abandoned overcoat , Anna pulls it on and rushes out of the door . Tim breaks the news of Anna ’s escape to Faye who seeing the look of glee on Phelan ’s face confronts him about what really happened between him and Anna . The scales fall from Faye ’s eyes and she tells Seb that Phelan is a liar and Anna did not push the ladder but when he refuses to listen she dumps him . Meanwhile Anna cowers in a deserted building frightened and alone but ready to destroy Phelan 's evil scheme . " There are more Phelan and Anna scenes to come before Anna goes , " actress Debbie told The Sun Online . " It takes us to the end of January on screen . As the weeks count down , I am really excited , if I am honest . " That 's the way I 've played it and that 's why , for me , Anna should be the one to bring him down with justice . " She added : " I 've found the Phelan storyline a fantastic opportunity to play cat and mouse . " I 'm the mouse and he 's the cat . We 've let it gently bubble and boil until this crescendo we have now . " I think the public thought for a while that it was going away and it has n't . " They want Anna to bring him down – I still get little old ladies and even young lads shouting , ' Oi , Anna , when you gon na get Phelan ? ' . " So everyone wants him done in , and they all want Anna to do it . " Got a story ? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220 .	Coronation Street spoilers : Anna Windass escapes from prison , determined to get revenge on Pat Phelan
Y' all know how much I love my celebrity conspiracy theories . For the last few months , the theories dominating the internet have been about Kylie Jenner and Khloé Kardashian 's reported pregnancies . Personally , I find it really hard to believe they are n't pregnant . No one lets a rumor mill keep running for this long when they know the rumors are false , so in my mind , they must be pregnant and are just waiting for the perfect time to announce . This theory about when Kylie Kenner and Khloé K will reveal their pregnancies is pretty rock solid , and we 're going to break down every little detail for you.The Kardashians release an extravagant Christmas card just about every year , and this year , they 've announced they 're doing 25 days of photos to reveal it . Starting Dec. 1 , members of the family began posting pictures from their Christmas card photo shoot that are all pieces of the puzzle that , when finished on Christmas day , will show the complete Kardashian Christmas card . Fans believe there 's a reason the family is making the reveal of the full card such a long , drawn-out process ... They think Kylie Jenner and Khloé Kardashian 's reported pregnancies will be revealed in the final photos of the 2017 Kardashian Christmas Card.It makes total sense . Think about it : What do people include in their yearly Christmas cards to friends and loved ones ? Updates on what the family was up to in the last year , and what they 're expecting in the new year . In the Kardashian 's case , it 's babies . Since the family is dragging out the reveal of the card over nearly the entire month of December , it 's obviously intended to build up momentum and interest leading up to the big reveal of what the entire card looks like . And why make such a plan and dedicate an entire month to executing it if the end result is n't going to be massive ? Do n't even try to tell me the Kardashians think their Christmas card alone is big enough to warrant this kind of reveal . No , they know what they 're doing . They know how to break the internet . It 's not the card itself that they 're preparing us for , it 's what 's featured in the card . Call me the damn FBI because I think I 've cracked this Kardashian Kode.Fans think Kris Jenner might 've accidentally confirmed Kylie and Khloé 's reported pregnancies on her Instagram when she posted a photo of nine pairs of PJs , saying there was one pair for " every one " of her grandchildren . Since she only has six grandchildren currently and there 's only one confirmed on the way ( Kim and Kanye 's ) , fans believe those other two pairs are intended for Khloé and Kylie 's reported babies . But guys ... what if this was a hint within a hint ? ! Here 's my theory : Kris Jenner dropped this Burt 's Bees hint on purpose to make us think she 's confirming the pregnancies , but she also used the Christmas-themed post to slide in an even more subtle hint that the pregnancy reveals will be in the Christmas card . Think about it : She posts a photo of nine sets of PJs intended for " every one " of her grandchildren , the PJs are Christmas-themed , and her grandchildren have been the main subjects in photos from the card that have been posted so far . This is Kris Jenner telling us that the Christmas card is going to star all of her grandchildren , including the ones that are on the way.I know , I know . I 'm a damn genius . You can give me my Pulitzer later . For now , let 's look through all of the photos the family has posted from their holiday card so far : Day One : Baby Saint combing through packages.Day Two : North West looking up at her mom and what seems to be Kourtney Kardashian.Day Three : Reign Disick.Day Four : Kim Kardashian West and North West.My official prediction is Kris Jenner is going to post photos of all her children with their children leading up to Christmas , and then the last days before Christmas will be photos of pregnant Kylie Jenner and pregnant Khloé Kardashian . One Christmas day , we 'll see the card in its entirety . One thing 's for sure : It 's going to be one hell of a Christmas card .	This Theory About When Kylie Jenner & Khloe K Will Reveal Their Pregnancies Is Wild
Try these tips to make your small business ’ Instagram merry and brightThanksgiving kicked off the start of the 2017 holiday season , and as the winter holidays near , there ’s a huge opportunity for your local business to connect with your loyal followers and new customers.Instagram is one of the most popular social media platforms , with over 800 million users . More and more consumers are turning to this platform to decide which new local businesses they want to explore — especially during the holidays.Try these 5 things on your local business ’ Instagram to get more holly , jolly customers at your store this season : Seasonal CampaignsYour customers love feeling festive ! The holidays are associated with warm feelings , like love and joy . Encourage your customers to associate those feelings and the season with your brand . Try running a seasonal campaign and create a custom hashtag for it . Get creative and have fun with it!Feature ProductsPeople are deciding where to buy gifts for their loved ones during this time of year , so get your loyal fans and new customers to think of your business while shopping . Show off your products on your page.Holiday GreetingsLet your customers know how special they are to you and your business by wishing them a happy holiday ! You can keep it simple , be playful , or a combination of the two . Your customers will appreciate it.User-Generated ContentUser-generated content is the gift that keeps on giving — your customers are happy with your business so they post about it , and in turn , your business has new photos to share on its Instagram page . Make sure you give your customers credit for their photos!PromotionsAs people are doing their holiday shopping , they ’re actively seeking out discounts and specials , like free gift wrapping . Use your Instagram page to let your customers know they ’ll be getting a deal at your business ! You can also encourage people to follow your Instagram page for special promotions they wo n’t find anywhere else .	Make Your Instagram Shine This Holiday Season
Play " Bodak Yellow " anywhere and a party will start , guaranteed . @iamcardib brings the people together . #nycsubway pic.twitter.com/Aafm05qsHN— Matt ( @mattwhitlockPM ) December 3 , 2017 There is one thing that can bring New Yorkers together in the nightmare that is the New York City Subway system : Cardi B. “ Bodak Yellow ” launched the newly-engaged Bronx native into the spotlight earlier in 2017 , and eventually dethroned Taylor Swift ’s hit “ Look What You Made Me Do ” at the top of the Billboard Hot 100 in the fall . After ruling the chart for a third consecutive week in October , “ Bodak Yellow ” became longest-reigning chart-topper on the Hot 100 for an unaccompanied female rapper . Lauryn Hill previously held the record with 1998 ’s “ Doo Wop ( That Thing ) . ” Cardi ’s jam has not only brought New Yorkers together , it ’s also tripled business for her dentist and is up for Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance at the Grammy Awards in February . And who knows ? We may even hear it at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle ’s upcoming Royal Wedding , if Cardi has her way . The rapper ’s new single “ Cartier Cardi ” is due out on Dec. 15 .	Dance party breaks out in New York subway station when Cardi B 's ' Bodak Yellow ' comes on
We are on our way to the complete absence of markers on paper , where any stroke a user makes is considered as a marker . In the meantime , we have achieved better detection and attachment , for example , if you close three of the four markers , our algorithm will guess where they should be , saving and holding the virtual image in place . And even if some of the markers go beyond the frame — the image will also remain in place ! We call this method “ prediction of markers . ” How does it work?We detect the position of the marker in the frame and when the marker is lost our algorithm assumes its location by matching with the location on the previous frame.We successfully tested three cases : when one , two or three markers were lost . If all four markers lost — we can not predict so far . So , for now , the algorithm should detect at least one marker.The more markers are detected , the more accurate the prediction : When three markers found , it is allowed to move the camera in a rather broad range , as well as shift relative to the sheet and scale.When two markers are detected , the displacement will be noticeable for any movement of the camera.And if only one marker is found — a displacement of the camera by a couple of centimeters leads to noticeable problems.This method is our small technological victory , which will significantly improve the user experience.Update the iOS version of SketchAR to check out the difference!Look how correctly virtual image stick to the paper .	One more step closer to the white paper !
There is n’t a single week without a new Bitcoin fork . The well know “ Satoshi ’s vision ” ( no I ’m not getting into arguments ) Bitcoin Cash ( BCH/BCC ) , the GPU mined Bitcoin Gold ( BTG ) , the pinky Bitcore ( BTX ) and now what Bitcoin GOD?Whatever we do n’t care about those Bitcoin clones at all UNLESS they ’re worth anything . We ’ve all seen Bitcoin Cash go thousands of $ $ ’s and yes I was also one of those who sold their BCH as soon as they ’ve airdropped . For those who remedy their impatience we were given another chance : Bitcoin Gold . The new kid in the block has recently found a place in biggest exchanges and is worth around 320 $ at the time this article is written . Nothing near the king BTC but … it ’s free money … and who knows it ’s not the second BCH?But wait … Do I have Bitcoin Gold ? To find out you can use a Bitcoin Gold explorer . Just head to link and search the Bitcoin addresses you have.If you ’re using blockchain.info wallet you need to check all addresses blockchain.info used to see if you have any BTGs . To see that head to Settings - &gt; Addresses and click the wallet you ’ve used ( it ’s called “ My Bitcoin Wallet ” by default ) . Scroll down and click show next to the “ Used Addresses ” . Click OK and there you have your old addreses . Now , you can search all the addreses in Bitcoin Gold explorer if you do n’t know which address has BTGs . If you ’ve found out you have BTGs , let ’s recover our wallet.Recover Your WalletTo recover your wallet you ’ll need our 12-word recovery/backup phrase in blockchain.info.Note : Never share your recovery phrase publicly or with third parties ! This is like giving your home key to someone you do n’t know.However this applies to any wallet as long as you know how to get your 12-word recovery/backup phrase.Get Another WalletI ’ll be using Coinomi Android wallet to transfer my coins . Install the wallet and tap “ Restore Wallet ” . Next enter the 12-word recovery phrase you ’ve found in the previous part and voila ! You now have your wallet in Coinomi.But you ’ll see you have 0.0 $ balance . We need one more step : Open the menu and tap “ + Coins ” Now choose BitcoinGold and tap “ Advanced Settings ” . In the “ Derivation Path ” type : M/44H/0H / 0HNow click “ Add ” and you have your BTGs!Next step is to send it to an exchange ( just like sending any coin ) or HODL for life . If you ’ve found it useful please share and give an applause!Thanks to EZ Peezy for the Youtube tutorial . Also the Coinomi Wallet tutorial explains the process in detail.Anouncement for Bitcoin GODYes ! We have Bitcoin GoldFind your Recovery Phrase hereTap “ + Coins ”	How to claim your Bitcoin Gold from Blockchain.info or other wallets
By Dominique Vidalon PARIS ( Reuters ) - French consumer electronics retailer Fnac Darty on Monday said it banked on merger synergies and its ability to deliver sales growth above that of its markets to nearly double its operating margin mid-term . Chief Executive Enrique Martinez confirmed during a call that Fnac Darty ( PA : FNAC ) and French retailer Carrefour ( PA : CARR ) were discussing an alliance to negotiate better terms when purchasing from electronics suppliers and that a deal could be clinched soon . " There is an ongoing discussion with Carrefour and it is not impossible that we reach an agreement quickly , " Martinez said , adding that the purchasing deal would be limited to France . Fnac Darty was created last year when Fnac , which sells books and music , won a bidding war with Conforama for control of household goods and electronics equipment maker Darty . The merger created a French market leader with more than 690 stores and with sales of over 7 billion euros ( £ 6.1 billion ) . The deal was seen as an opportunity for Fnac to build scale to compete with online retailers , such as Amazon ( O : AMZN ) , as well as to create synergies in purchasing and other areas . Fnac Darty reiterated that 130 million euros of synergies from the merger would be delivered by end-2018 . It said its mid-term target was an operating margin of between 4.5 percent and 5 percent against 2.7 percent in 2016 . The retailer , which is 24 percent-owned since July by German peer Ceconomy ( DE : CECG ) , said it would open over 200 new franchise stores under its new strategic plan " Confiance + " and further invest in the digitalisation of its stores , its e-commerce platforms and its logistics assets . It would spend between 130 million and 140 million euros per year on digital investments against 100 million previously . ALTERNATIVE TO PURE PLAYERS At a time when brick and mortar retailers worldwide feel the heat from e-commerce giant Amazon , Fnac Darty said its goal was to create " Europe 's benchmark omnichannel services platform . " With online sales making 17 percent of turnover , it was positioning itself as " a solid and profitable alternative " to digital pure players . Apart from a future purchasing alliance with Carrefour , Martinez said his group was mulling opening Fnac Darty shops within other retailers ' stores and also progressively opening its logistics assets to third parties . " We have regular contacts with all the players , " Martinez said . Alexandre Bompard , the former boss of Fnac Darty , took over as CEO at Carrefour , the world 's largest retailer after Walmart ( NYSE : WMT ) , in July . He will unveil his strategy for Carrefour on Jan. 23 , following a profit warning in August . Bompard remains a board member at Fnac Darty until end-2017 .	Fnac Darty eyes higher margin mid-term , Carrefour deal soon
Welcome back to Tune In : our weekly newsletter offering a guide to the best of the week ’s TV . Each week , Variety ’s TV team combs through the week ’s schedule , selecting our picks of what to watch and when/how to watch them . This week , “ The Crown ” Season 2 debuts and “ Psych : The Movie ” drops on USA . “ Happy ! , ” Syfy , Wednesday , 10 p.m. This new Syfy series is based on New York Times best-selling author Grant Morrison and Darick Robertson ’s graphic novel of the same name . The series follows Nick Sax ( Christopher Meloni ) , an intoxicated , corrupt ex-cop turned hit man who is adrift in a world of casual murder , soulless sex and betrayal . After a hit gone wrong , his life is forever changed by a tiny , relentlessly positive , imaginary blue winged horse named “ Happy ” ( voiced by Patton Oswalt ) . “ Knightfall , ” History , Wednesday , 10 p.m. This History scripted series goes inside the medieval politics and warfare of the Knights Templar , the most powerful , wealthy and mysterious military order of the Middle Ages who were entrusted with protecting Christianity ’s most precious relics , including the Holy Grail . After the fall of the city of Acre , the Templar ’s last stronghold in the Holy Land , the Grail is lost . Years later , a clue emerges suggesting the whereabouts of the Grail and sends the Templars on a life or death mission to find it . “ Psych : The Movie , ” USA Network , Thursday , 8 p.m. James Roday and Dulé Hill return as Shawn and Gus in this two-hour followup to the beloved USA series . It picks up three years after the series finale when the owners of the fake psychic detective agency — along with some returning fan-favorite characters — come together during the holidays after a mystery assailant targets one of their own . Timothy Omundson , Maggie Lawson , Corbin Bernsen , and Kirsten Nelson will also return in their original roles . “ The Crown , ” Netflix , Friday ( CRITICS ’ PICK ) “ The Crown ’s ” second season is captivating in a way that almost is n’t fair . The costume drama , which follows the early years of the reign of Queen Elizabeth II ( Claire Foy ) , is the kind of story that we ’ve told for eons , whether that is the Bible ’s take on King David or Shakespeare ’s interpretation of Cleopatra — the inner life of a real ruler , at the intersection of duty , personhood , and power . It ’s a show that covers so little that is new . Many of the events in the series were well-documented in the media at the time . Many of the characters in it , including Her Royal Highness herself , are still-significant public figures today . “ The Crown ” sounds like it should be a dry slog through the too-familiar territory of rich and famous people feeling sorry for themselves — a less soapy , more stodgy “ Downton Abbey . ” But as fans of the first season can attest , because “ The Crown ” is executed so well — from the magnificent locations and historical table-setting to the fantastic , scintillating lead performance by Foy — this well-trodden material is turned into a rich and compulsively watchable narrative about history , celebrity , and the inescapable difficulties of being a person . ( Read the full review here ) “ The Grand Tour , ” Amazon , Friday Former “ Top Gear ” hosts Jeremy Clarkson , Richard Hammond , and James May return for the second season of their Amazon series . The new season will see the trio visit more locations than ever , before returning home to pitch their studio tent in the Cotswolds , UK . They will spend over 100 days across four continents , racking up passport stamps from Croatia , Mozambique , Dubai , Colorado , Switzerland , New York , Spain and many more exotic locations around the world .	Our Staff Picks : TV Shows to Watch the Week of Dec. 4 , 2017
December 4 , 2017 20:52 A new exhibit brings Palestinian and Israeli photographers together with 50 Palestinians who were born in 1967 . 3 minute read . ISRAELI PHOTOGRAPHER Miki Kratsman ’s contribution to ‘ 50 Years ’ exhibit . . ( photo credit : Courtesy ) When first approached by B’Tselem – The Israeli Information Center for Human Rights in the Occupied Territories to curate the “ 50 Years : Fifty Portraits of Palestinians Born in 1967 ” exhibition at the Jaffa Art Salon , Maayan Sheleff had no idea how intensely complicated the logistical journey would be.Marking 50 years of the Israeli occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip , “ 50 Years ” presents 50 portraits of Palestinians born together with and living under occupation . “ I chose all of the photographers , aside from a few who already worked with B’Tselem , and we reached the subjects through various channels , ” explains Sheleff . The real challenge was how , when and where these individuals would meet . Arranging for travel in and out of West Bank and Gaza is no small feat and in many ways , the mere existence of the exhibition is its biggest success.Sheleff instructed her artists to do a simple thing , to photograph a portrait of their subject . “ It is a portrait exhibition and portraits are a very classic type of photography . They reflect , in the most direct way , the person who is being photographed . ” That said , Sheleff was not after 50 face-on images . “ I told my artists that they could break the portrait in any way they wanted . I encouraged any kind of out-of-the-box thinking about a portrait ; it could be one person , many people , an attempt to foster a new dialogue . I intentionally noted that I wanted it to be open . Some of them are journalists so they have one way of photographing . Others come from art so they have a different way . You can see it in the exhibition . ” In pairing her teams of artist and subject , Sheleff aimed to present a range of emotional , socio-economic and political states . Fifty years of occupation has fostered millions of realities and Sheleff hoped to capture notes that would resonate with all involved , artist , subject and viewer.Whether it was in a field , a kitchen , a workplace or a parking lot , the meetings involved a certain level of intimacy . “ The pictures show the places that these people live , the view , their work and their family , ” explains Sheleff . “ Some really focus on the eyes or the face up close . Nitzan Hafner photographed someone lying on the floor with closed eyes . There is something very disturbing , but also an act of trust between them . Ronit Porat knew that she wanted to collaborate with her subject , Khaled al-Azayzeh . They took pictures from Khaled ’s Instagram account and Ronit made a collage , so Khaled ’s is n’t a portrait but what he sees and how he chooses to see it . ” Sheleff ’s hopes for the impact of the exhibition are at once humble and grand . “ It ’s always very tricky when you ask about a goal in an art show . I always am interested in political art , in the place where art and activism meet . I see the curation as a collaboration with B’Tselem . I see it as an artistic compliment to the work B’Tselem does . They work with photography a lot . They have The Camera Project , which , beyond its legal implications , has a very strong artistic side . The people who receive cameras experience a flip of power dynamics . The camera becomes a nonviolent weapon . Not for nothing they call it ‘ shooting a camera ’ . It ’s very powerful . “ I see this exhibition as a way to see the connection between human rights , activism , photography and art . The idea is to see these people as humans , to humanize the way Israelis see Palestinians , which is either as terrorists or victims . To see them as people , their happiness , their struggle , their power . It ’s not all sad . It ’s their gaze that we return back to them as viewers . I hope that it ’s an exhibition that will appeal to the heart and the mind , maybe it will have an impact on our reality . I hope it ’s a call to action . ”	A picture worth 50 years : Jaffa Art Salon and B'Tselem collaborate
Deutsche Lufthansa AG was handed a fifth star from ratings service Skytrax , making it the first airline outside the Middle East and Asia to secure the ranking.The German company , which received the award in Frankfurt on Monday , becomes the 10th carrier to achieve a rating Chief Executive Officer Carsten Spohr has been chasing since his predecessor set it as a target in 2013 . Lufthansa made securing a fifth star part of push to improve service levels that had trailed much of the rest of the industry , including European peers . The carrier came late to the flat-bed revolution , introducing the seats in business class only in 2013 , a decade after pioneer British Airways , and was years behind others in adding premium-economy-class cabins on long-haul jets.Spohr ’s campaign was frustrated by pilot and cabin crew strikes , as well as inconsistent standards as the company rolled out new features . While the main union conflicts have been resolved , the award comes against a background of uncertainty over Air Berlin Plc flights that Lufthansa has taken over , with Spohr hinting that they may be scrapped if early antitrust approval is withheld.Unlike Skytrax ’s annual passenger-feedback-based ranking of airlines , carriers must pay as much as 25,000 euros ( $ 30,000 ) a year to be part of the star ratings , which require an extensive audit.Not every airline has taken the star system so seriously , with competition previously keenest between Mideast and East Asian carriers locked in a battle of one-upmanship over ultra-luxury service . Etihad Airways PJSC withdrew from the ratings system altogether in 2014 after failing to win a fifth star , before rejoining two years later when it was granted the accolade.Lufthansa sees the award as an extra tool with which to fend off fast-expanding Persian Gulf operators and edge ahead of local rivals BA and Air France-KLM Group . The company last month gave details of a new business class featuring seven-foot beds that ’s due to debut in 2020 . “ We caught up as we massively invested in our fleet , refurbished all cabins , introduced digital offers , opened new lounges and improved services on board and on the ground , ” Spohr said . Lufthansa shares have gained 138 percent this year , the best performance on the 29-member Bloomberg World Airlines Index .	Lufthansa Wins Fifth Skytrax Star Even as German Flights at Risk
Even though New Zealand 's car industry hit its height a month early , Toyota Motor Corp says the US auto market is on course for a second straight year of shrinking demand . It 's claimed that means bringing sales back to a level the industry should be able to maintain going forward . The Japanese automaker is forecasting sales in its biggest market will slide below 17 million cars and light trucks next year -- the first return to a 16 million range since 2014 . Industrywide deliveries are down 1.5 per cent this year through November after a record 17.55 million in 2016 . " We 're seeing indications that automakers could close 2018 in the mid-to-upper 16-million mark , " Jack Hollis , group vice president of US sales for the Toyota brand , said in prepared remarks for an Automotive Press Association luncheon in Detroit . " That 's not a record-setting figure , but like this year , it will give automakers a sustainable target . " READ MORE * NZ car industry hits annual high - in November * * A medium SUV for M-people Toyota will give an official forecast for 2018 in January at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit , Hollis said on the sidelines of the luncheon . Even with a second consecutive year of falling sales predicted for 2018 , Hollis said the carmaker 's outlook for the US market is still strong , citing factors like low fuel prices and interest rates . The industry is on pace to exceed Toyota 's forecast for 17.1 million vehicle sales this year .	Toyota sees US auto sales falling to levels last seen in 2014
I have spent a lot of time pondering the reason why retail is failing . While most people feel it is due to the ease of sitting on the couch clicking through a website to get what you want ( and I agree to an extent ) I have a different perspective I ask you to think about . . I ’ll start by saying this does not apply to everyone , Some people do not value what I am about to talk about and will go for cheaper in every case . However I feel the real reason retailers will fail is simply horrid customer service / lack of training . People use to go shopping at their favorite stores . They would see the same face , be greeted , talk about the kids , church , life in general . Employees would build a rapport with the customer . That would build loyalty and the customer would want to come back in for not only what they need but for the relationship , loyalty and friendship . Once it was status quo to expect to be treated bad and or not taken care of by employees at your favorite place the loyalty , relationship suffers . They look for ease , instead of care . If the care was still there the loyalty would be also . As a matter of fact those people who like this would actually pay a small margin more due to that relationship . This outlook is true a lot in the automotive industry . If you find a service shop , or a salesperson you have a relationship with you will undoubtedly follow said person to where they are . Not the company . The person.I personally have a couple of these places in my life . A local high end steakhouse and a local restaurant my wife and I have been frequenting since they opened . Places we try and go once a month minimum . . We have seen some people come and go but we know of a few staple people that we have seen grow from bus boy to management . That is a great feeling to see when it happens . You revel in the success of others and want them to do well . When you watch it happen with people you have built a rapport with it makes it that much better.Take that same principle and apply it to retail . If you buy clothes at one place most of the time . You know when you walk in you will see a familiar face who is always helpful and gives you great advice and human interaction . This person will ask about your family , discuss life events and be genuine . You have 3 – 5 – 7 years of dealing with this person and have watched them move from cashier to manager . Would you start buying clothes on Amazon one day ? Even if they were a buck or two cheaper ? I know I would n’t . I would value that person and continue to do business with them . Going forward this consumer relationship will be the only thing to keep most retail companies in business . Without that brand or personal connection I feel you will get lost in the shuffle . I truly believe the retail establishments who put a HUGE emphasis on customer service , and know how to keep good people will thrive.The other way to look at this is Profit / Legacy . To me if you concentrate on taking care of people ( meaning employees and customers ) then the profit will follow . Compassion / Empathy and simply giving a crap about your fellow humans will always prevail . This to me is when a business feeds on legacy . To me it means you plan on and want to stick around a while . The dollar driven companies don ” t care about the above at all . They want to get as much out of you as they can up front.In closing , concentrate on customer service , concentrate on leaving a legacy you and your family can be proud of . You will survive.Brian Urlage	The Demise of retail ? Not all of it .
WASHINGTON -- A majority of Supreme Court justices appeared to agree with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie on Monday that prohibiting sports betting in most states is unconstitutional . With the outgoing governor seated in the front row , several of the court 's conservative justices said a 1992 federal law impermissibly directed states to keep their bans on the books . They were joined by Justice Stephen Breyer , one of the court 's four liberals . " It falls within commandeering , " Breyer told Paul Clement , the lawyer representing the NCAA and professional sports leagues who have sought to block New Jersey from legalizing sports betting . New Jersey repealed part of its ban on sports betting in 2014 in a way that would allow the state to regulate it . U.S. Deputy Solicitor General Jeffrey Wall argued that only a more sweeping repeal that allowed all forms of sports gambling would have been permissible . That argument did n't sit well with Chief Justice John Roberts , who said the federal government was preferring no regulation at all to state regulation . " You have no problem if there 's no prohibition at all , and anybody can engage in any kind of gambling they want ? " he said . " A 12-year-old can come into the casino ? " Some of the court 's more liberal justices , however , seemed to support the 25-year-old federal law . Justice Elena Kagan said Congress merely was preempting state law when it passed the Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act , something it does regularly . Congress passed PASPA almost unanimously to preserve what lawmakers at the time felt was the integrity of the games . Sponsored by then-Sen . Bill Bradley , a New Jersey Democrat who once played small forward for the New York Knicks , the law preceded the advent and growth of Internet gambling . Because Nevada had legalized sports betting in 1949 , it was grandfathered in . Delaware , Montana and Oregon were allowed to keep previously authorized sports lotteries . Other states were given a year 's leeway to get in on the action , but New Jersey failed to take advantage of the offer . Christie , who appeared confident outside court after the hour-long argument , said the option should be open . " If the people of those states decide they want to do what Nevada is already being permitted to do , they should be permitted to do it , ” he said . And state Sen. Raymond Lesniak , the sponsor of New Jersey 's law , predicted the court would rule handily in the state ’s favor . “ It ’s not quite slam dunk , but it ’s like Tiger Woods and a five-foot putt , ” he said . Rather than stop sports betting , the law helped push more of it underground . Today , illegal sports betting in the United States is a $ 150 billion annual business . By contrast , less than $ 5 billion is gambled legally in Nevada . " All over New Jersey , there 's illegal gambling going on , " said Theodore Olson , the veteran Supreme Court litigator representing the Garden State . " It ca n't regulate that activity . " The state 's main argument is that the law runs afoul of the 10th Amendment , which reserves for the states all powers not delegated to the federal government . The argument is one that lower federal courts refused to embrace , but a majority of justices routinely defend that concept of federalism dating back more than 200 years . New Jersey is backed by at least 18 states and the National Governors Association . They warn that upholding the federal law could limit states ' independence in the future on such issues as gun control , drug regulation , physician-assisted suicide and even self-driving cars . But the sports leagues say to comply with PASPA , New Jersey and other states do n't have to take any action . The law prohibits sports betting operations by states and third parties but does not require them to take any affirmative action whatsoever . In the decades since the legislation was passed , opposition among the sports leagues has wavered . The National Hockey League has located a team in Las Vegas , and the NFL 's Oakland Raiders are due to follow . National Basketball Association commissioner Adam Silver has endorsed sports betting , and Major League Baseball has invested in fantasy leagues . The high court is expected to rule by next June at the latest . More : Sports betting , states ' rights on tap at Supreme Court More : Gambling advisory group : End federal ban on sports betting More : Supreme Court faces blockbuster term -- and Trump	Supreme Court could make sports-betting ban an underdog
The Navy does not have enough amphibious assault ships to effectively support the Marine Corps in training for combat , according to senior Pentagon officials , the Washington Free Beacon reported on Monday . In testimony before the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness , Marine Lt. Gen. Brian Beaudreault — who is deputy commandant for plans , policies , and operations — said the current situation puts at risk the " core competency " of the Marine Corps and Navy to move a combat force from ship-to-shore in order to rapidly penetrate enemy battle space . He emphasized that the current fleet of 32 warships is not enough to meet operational requirements and harms the readiness of the Navy . The Navy has said that budget constraints mean that it likely wo n't be able to reach the total of 38 amphibious ships needed until 2030 . Both Beaudreault and Navy Vice Adm. Andrew Lewis , who also testified before the committee , referred to a report released Friday by the Government Accountability Office that cited the lack of enough suitable ships on which to train sailors as the most significant factor for inadequate training . " We can do some training . . . through virtual systems , but at some point you have to put the ships to sea and go through a mission rehearsal , " Beaudreault told the committee members . " The ability to generate the number of ships required to train at a Marine expeditionary brigade level just simply is n't there , so we take it in bite-size chunks . " The report gave as one example that the Navy was unable to fulfill more than 90 percent of requests for support training for the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force due to a lack of ships which operates in the Pacific . Both Beaudreault and Lewis stressed to the congressmen that the best way to confront readiness challenges is for stable , predictable , and adequate funding over several years . " The most important actions that Congress can take now is to immediately repeal the caps on defense spending under the Budget Control Act and provide a defense appropriation that provides a sufficient , consistent , predictable funding , " Beaudreault said .	Navy : Do n't Have Enough Warships to Train Marines for Combat
CHICAGO — Despite his loyalties to the Ohio State Buckeyes , LeBron James said he agreed with the College Football Playoff committee ’s assessment that left the Buckeyes on the outside looking in . Speaking at Cleveland Cavaliers shootaround on Monday from the United Center , James said he thought they did a “ great job ” in choosing Clemson , Oklahoma , Georgia and Alabama . “ It is what it is , ” James said . “ I think the committee , I think they did a great job honestly . Obviously I ’m a huge Buckeye fan and we would ’ve loved to be in the final four , to be able to compete for a national championship , but there ’s never been a two-loss team in the final four , and if you look at the top four teams that made the final four , can you really argue ? So we look forward to playing in the Rose Bowl vs. USC . ” While James is correct that no two-loss team has ever made the Playoff ( the Buckeyes finished 11-2 after beating the Wisconsin Badgers in the Big Ten championship ) , his team will actually play USC in the Cotton Bowl in Dallas on Dec. 29 . Follow USA TODAY Sports ' Michael Singer on Twitter @msinger	Ohio State fan LeBron James : College Football Playoff committee did a &apos; great job &apos;
The day before Thanksgiving I got a call from my Mom . She went to the doctor for a nagging sore throat , and the doctor was sending her to the ER … for her heart . She said it was nothing . The doctor just did n’t like something he saw on the EKG . I drove over to see her . When I arrived , my mom told me that they had taken some blood and that they did n’t like her white blood cell count . It was too high . I ’m thinking , “ what does this have to do with her heart ? Is she at risk of a heart attack ? ” It turns out that little heart issue was God ’s way of getting her into a hospital . Her heart was n’t an issue at all . Her white blood cell count was off the charts , and quickly the doctors told her she most likely had Leukemia . Fortunately , they thought , it was the “ chronic ” type of Leukemia . Chronic Leukemia is extremely treatable . But as they ran more tests , the doctors changed their diagnosis from Chronic Leukemia to Acute Leukemia . She needed to be moved to a facility specializing in Acute Leukemia . The next thing I know , I ’m in the back of an ambulance on Thanksgiving Eve riding with my mom to her new home . I say new home because over the next 24 hours we ’d learn that she indeed has Acute Leukemia , that she needs to begin treatment immediately , and that she ’d be living in the hospital for at least four weeks.These events struck like a lightning bolt , without warning . Almost everyone reading this has had some experience with tragedy or unexpected circumstances and the common thread is that you never see it coming . Sitting there with my mom this weekend , having a very different kind of Thanksgiving , I learned a few things . If you had asked me a week ago , I would have told you that I already knew them . You might think you have already mastered them . But this weekend I truly learned them . I hope that sharing them will bless you.Life is PreciousThe phrase “ Life is precious , ” is used so often it ’s cliche . The Scripture says , “ You do n’t even know what tomorrow will bring — what your life will be ! For you are like smoke that appears for a little while , then vanishes . ” ( James 4:14 ) We are all guilty of being lulled into a false sense of security . We think we ’re insulated . Bad things happen to someone else . And then the unexpected strikes . It ’s not just illness . A car crash . A tornado . A freak accident . Like a bolt of blue , life changes . And every day , for millions of people , life ends . That can seem depressing . Or it can be motivating . It can drive us to make the most of every moment . Instead of living as if the unexpected will never happen , we should live as if the unexpected is certain . Because it is.We all say that . No one is thinking , “ I ’d like to make the least of every moment . ” But few of us do . Why ? I ’m writing tomorrow on how to make the most of every moment . I ’ll give you a little teaser . It starts with being intentional . Let me give you an example from my relationship with my mom . We have a terrific relationship . We ’re very close . And someone in our family ( my wife , my kids , me ) talks to her with a relatively high frequency . This weekend I was convicted of not making those calls a priority . I had not been intentional . My mom lost her husband a year ago . She lost her parents shortly before that . She is living alone for the first time in her life . I should have been checking on her every day . Just a quick check-in . How are you ? Do you need anything ? Why had n’t I done that ? I ’m not a lazy person . The answer is that I did n’t make it a priority.What are you not prioritizing that you ’d regret if the unexpected happens ? Make the change and avoid the regret . I learned that this weekend.Family is EverythingFamily is weird . All of us have hangups with different parts of our family . Most of us spend the majority of our time with people other than our family . But when push comes to shove , it ’s family that shows up . It ’s family that comes together . It ’s family that matters.This weekend my brother , step-sister , and I took shifts staying with my mom . My 19-year-old son stayed with her the first night , which turned out was the worst night so far . My step-sister and her husband took care of my mom ’s house , cleaning out the stuff in the fridge that would go bad if left for a month and getting her dogs transferred to their temporary home . My wife and a friend decorated her room for Christmas , putting up a small tree , hanging lights , and posting pictures she had printed of the entire family all over the room.Some people have squandered their family relationships . Some people have not prioritized them like they should because of relatively petty differences or quirks . I saw this weekend how valuable those links are . I was so grateful for our family . My mom was so blessed to have a family that loves her so . If you ’ve neglected those relationships , or been flippant about their value , I recommend starting fresh . Reconnect . Let people know you love them . There will come a time when it will be all that matters.You Reap What You SowLast cliche . By the way , these lessons are only cliche because they ’re so real that everyone learns them eventually . Oh Lord , may I be the person who can learn wise things from the observations of those who went before me rather than learning them the hard way , by experience.This weekend I learned , again , that how you treat people , and how selfless you are with your life matters . My mom is , without a doubt , the most selfless person I have ever known . She pours herself out for so many people on a daily basis , and she ’s been doing that for more than 50 years . To this day she teaches music lessons , tutors students , works with multiple ministries in her church , serves her 13 grandchildren , and much more . I do n’t think I can remember a time in my life when she was n’t serving hundreds of people a week in some way or another . Hundreds.Now that she is in need they are all showing up . Her hospital room was full this weekend even though it was a busy holiday . People who were out of town are rushing back to see her . People are volunteering to help with this or that . Everywhere you turn you are seeing the seeds that she ’s planted reaping a harvest of generosity and service.I hear of people dying alone . It breaks my heart . Many of them lived selfish lives . They thought only about the present . They lived as if they did n’t need others.I see people throwing their families , loved ones , and friends away over trivial things . Short term pleasures , minor annoyances , and immediate gratification ruin relationships and reap a harvest of lonliness , regret , and despair.If I am honest , I ’ve been too flippant with relationships here or there . I ’ve put my agenda first . I reaffirmed in my mind this weekend that I want to live in such a way that , if the day ever came , my hospital room would be full . People would be bringing meals to my wife and volunteering to handle everything . I want to reap a harvest of love and generosity . I need to be sowing those seeds every day.Life is precious . Family is everything . You reap what you sow . Learn these lessons well.Leave your thoughts in the comment section . Let ’s encourage one another in love .	3 Lessons From a Hospital Room
Heavens to Murgatroyd ! Snagglepuss , a popular cartoon character from the 1960s , is getting reinvented as a closeted gay playwright during the McCarthy era . On Jan. 3 , DC Comics will release “ Exit Stage Left : The Snagglepuss Chronicles , ” a six-issue miniseries featuring the pink lion as a southern Gothic playwright a la Tennessee Williams during the conservative 1950s . The DC Comics summary describes the plot like this : “ It ’s 1953 . While the United States is locked in a nuclear arms race with the Soviet Union , the gay Southern playwright known as Snagglepuss is the toast of Broadway . But success has made him a target . As he plans for his next hit play , Snagglepuss becomes the focus of the House Committee on Un-American Activities . And when powerful forces align to purge show business of its most subversive voices , no one is safe ! ” Baby boomers and latchkey kids from the 1970s might remember Snagglepuss as a pink lion with theatrical aspirations known for saying things like “ Exit , stage left ! ” when faced with a predicament . Snagglepuss ’s flamboyant personality led older viewers to suspect the character was a subconscious nod to gay culture though it was never stated explicitly , as this YouTube mashup demonstrates . Snagglepuss first appeared in 1959 on “ The Quick Draw McGraw Show , ” but was also seen palling around with other Hanna-Barbera characters like Yogi Bear and Huckleberry Hound . The character was voiced by Daws Butler , who based it on Burt Lahr ’s Cowardly Lion character in “ The Wizard Of Oz . ” The original Snagglepuss was seen as someone who ran from danger at every turn , but that character trait is nowhere to be seen in the reboot , according to series writer Mark Russell . “ Snagglepuss , in this story , is having to live a double life as a gay playwright living in New York , and he ’s closeted . But he has values and integrity as an artist , and he ’s trying to stand up for people who otherwise would be shoved under the stairs in this time of great national paranoia in the Red Scare mentality , ” Russell told The Hollywood Reporter . “ It ’s very easy in a time of national catastrophe ― of perceived national catastrophe ― to throw people under the sink and forget about them , and Snagglepuss is unwilling to let them do that to people he knows and loves . He ’s willing to stand up for people when the rest of the country is not . ” Click here to see an 8-page preview of the first issue .	1960s Cartoon Character Snagglepuss Reinvented As Closeted Gay Playwright
OPINION : While England arrived in Adelaide for the second test match with ideas , speculations , anxieties and contingencies , Australia came with a secret weapon . England equipped themselves with detailed plans about their use of the pink ball , informed by scientific analysis of playing conditions under sun and moon , daylight and twilight . They bore notions of persecution and counter-measures in the arts of psychological warfare , with complaints not just lined up but their release timetabled for maximum effect . There were Ben Stokes 's travel arrangements and other shenanigans to finesse , or to find out about by surprise . So much to think about . They had everything schemed in advance , so much so that Joe Root , before he chose to touch the first new ball on Saturday , was already talking about the advantages of the second . READ MORE : * Australia top order fails under lights * Limo ride for Black Caps after ' brilliant performance ' * Shaun Marsh shows mean streak Australia mirrored a lot of this complicated chatter , but their blather was a Trojan horse within which they smuggled a shock tactic that nobody else had thought of . This tactic was codenamed ' cricket ' . The third day in Adelaide emphasised this difference even more than the first two , which was quite a lot already . Shaun Marsh 's century had been based on the fundamental cricketing principle of shot selection , and the bowling and fielding assault was similarly earthed . To Alastair Cook , who made a hole-in-one at Kooyonga a few days ago and looked sharp and motivated , Australia bowled with the same discipline they have maintained since 2013 : full length , off stump , pick at the same old sore . Usually it has been the pacemen who got the final result – since running Australia ragged in 2010/11 , Cook has not passed three figures against them once . This time it was Nathan Lyon who dismissed Cook , but the same fundamental line and length applied , and the coolest head in the England line-up was on his way again . Golf , a gentler pursuit rewarding low scores , must seem especially appealing right now . There was thought behind the Australian bowling approach , but thought without execution is just thought . A short , leg-side attack on Dawid Malan , conceived in Brisbane , was carried out by the outstanding Pat Cummins , conqueror also of Root , who walked off shaking his head and thinking the same thought that had plagued him night and day since the toss : ' What the hell have I done ? ' A symphonic arrangement of the Australian bowling , under Steve Smith 's baton , played its way through the English middle order . Cummins combined with Mitchell Starc , Josh Hazlewood with Cummins , Starc with Hazlewood , and each with Lyon . On the rare occasions when their fielders let them down – a catch and a run-out were missed – the bowlers did the job themselves , Lyon and Starc playing two-men-in-one to take spectacular return catches off Moeen Ali and Jonny Bairstow . A four-man bowling attack has no room for weak links , but it also simplifies things . The captain does n't have to clutter his mind with bowler management ; he just needs the ones on the field to play their best cricket . Not much more to it . For England , there always seemed to be too much more to it . In Brisbane , they earned praise for the preparation and intelligence of their plans . Their minds were active . But good planning could only be a supplement to good cricket , not a substitute for it . Eventually in Brisbane , and alarmingly in Adelaide , thinking turned into over-thinking , analysis into paralysis . This is one of the galaxy of reasons touring is harder than playing at home . ( And chances are that these same two teams , if teleported to London or Nottingham tomorrow , would produce an opposite imbalance . ) Away from home , there are unfamiliar noises outside the hotel at night . As Samuel L. Jackson said in Pulp Fiction , it 's the little things . The air has a different taste and so , in Adelaide , does the water . You make up for these by holding meeting after meeting and providing security , a cocoon of days planned to the tiniest degree . It 's not that the home team are n't also micromanaging , but they have also left some space in their mindset to focus on producing their best cricket . It was poetic that when Smith decided to disregard the special conditions and refrain from sending England back in to bat under lights – just doing the normal cricket thing – England finally relaxed and played their best cricket of the match . For a second time , a captain 's decision looked to have inflicted damage upon his own team . England had borrowed Australia 's secret weapon . After dinner , they played cricket . None of England 's planning can be faulted : when they want to bat , when to bowl , how to deploy the pink pill to each Australian batsman , how to counter each bowler . James Anderson grasped his chance to swing the ball under lights . He was devastating . One problem : Australia were already more than 200 runs ahead . Perhaps in their debriefing on how this conflict is going and why they are not winning , England 's planners , like the Vietnam-era US Defence Secretary Robert McNamara , will submit that according to all their data and metrics , they won it some time ago . The thing did n't have to be so convoluted . Day-night cricket is still just cricket . When it came to performance , one team was playing better cricket than the other . The rest is noise .	England 's pink ball Ashes test prep no match for Australia 's secret weapon
Though YouTube finds itself embroiled in numerous controversies surrounding children , Facebook ( NASDAQ : FB ) has apparently decided that now would be a good time to roll out a brand-new product geared toward kids : a new Messenger Kids app . It 's a version of the social network 's popular messaging service that includes numerous parental controls and safeguards that hopes to connect kids to friends and family . Facebook says the app was co-developed with parents , kids , and " expert advisors " who specialize in child development , online safety , and children 's media . A parent sets up the child 's Messenger Kids account and has parental controls available through their Facebook account . Parents can see who is approved to communicate with their children and when those contacts are online . Messenger Kids will expectedly feature the same types of emojis , stickers , and photo/video filters that have proliferated all messaging services , with the exception that the library of content is being specifically selected as kid-appropriate . How young is too young ? Officially , Facebook 's age policy requires users be at least 13 years old , although this age limit has always been arbitrary and simple to bypass . Messenger Kids represents Facebook 's most meaningful ( and official ) effort to date to get users under 13 onto its growing portfolio of services . When a parent creates a Messenger Kids account for their child , it does not create a stand-alone Facebook account . Messenger Kids accounts are essentially linked to the parent 's account and do not require a phone number . Messenger Kids complies with the Children 's Online Privacy and Protection Act ( COPPA ) , the federal law passed nearly 20 years ago that imposes strict requirements on online services that target children under 13 , particularly around personal data and privacy . There will not be any ads or in-app purchases in Messenger Kids , and Facebook says the child 's information is not used for ad targeting . The obvious goal here is to create a pipeline of younger users that will eventually create Facebook accounts once they reach age 13 , after Facebook familiarizes those users with its services . ( Recall that investors sometimes fear that teens are ditching Facebook in favor of other platforms . ) Messenger Kids wo n't rely on algorithms One of the aforementioned YouTube controversies revolves around content creators getting inappropriate content past the filtering algorithms in the YouTube Kids app . That is but one of many instances lately within the broader social media sector of algorithms failing spectacularly ( including facilitating Russian meddling in the 2016 election and inappropriate ad targeting ) , and even as Facebook is similarly heavily reliant on the algorithms that power its core products like News Feed , these concerns should not extend to Messenger Kids . Unlike the other social media platforms that feature user-generated content , Messenger Kids is a messaging service that is n't being populated with the same type of content . The only type of content that Facebook is providing are the GIFs , sticker packs , and such , which is much easier to curate appropriately since it 's a fairly limited catalog . Phones do n't have age limits It 's probably not a coincidence that Facebook also made a separate official blog post discussing online safety and kids . Facebook not only has an opportunity , but an obligation to help parents navigate the increasingly digital world with their kids , according to Facebook 's Global Head of Safety Antigone Davis . Children are also increasingly spending time on screens . Facebook says approximately 93 % of U.S. children 6 to 12 years old have access to a mobile device , and two-thirds have their own device , according to research firm Dubit . Furthermore , many of these young users are already using messaging apps and social media despite being under 13 . Put another way , Messenger Kids is also looking to compete with traditional smartphones and text messaging services , which do n't necessarily have age requirements or granular parental controls . Messenger Kids is rolling out on the iOS App Store today , but will make its way to Android in " coming months . "	Facebook Wants to Hook Your Kids on Messenger
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — The Latest on President Donald Trump 's plan to scale back national monuments ( all times local ) : 2:30 p.m.Roughly 2,000 demonstrators are lined up near the Utah State Capitol protesting President Donald Trump 's announcement reducing two national monuments in Utah.The vocal group gathered in wintry weather Monday morning held signs like " Keep your tiny hands off our public lands " and chanted " Lock him up . " Navajo protester and University of Utah student Shaniah Chee says wood-gathering in the area is essential to her tribe 's traditions . She calls the reduction a major loss.A handful of counter-protesters also gathered to support Trump and the decision to scale back the Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalate national monuments . Jason Lutu of Lehi works in construction and says he 's in favor of potential drilling or mining that could create jobs . -- Associated Press writer Michelle L. Price in Salt Lake City __ 2:15 p.m.President Donald Trump says he 's encouraging 83-year-old Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah to run for re-election . Hatch joined Trump on a visit Monday to Salt Lake City . When Trump was asked if he wants Hatch to run for an eighth term in 2018 , he replied , " Yes . " Trump made the comments while touring a food distribution center run by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.Hatch has not publicly declared his plans .	The Latest : 2K protest Trump Utah monuments decision
Awaiting a Trump administration “ peace plan , ” hoping to end the Arab-Israeli conflict , it would be wise to recall foreign minister Abba Eban ’s observation that “ the Palestinians never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity . ” It is important , however , to understand that this persistent failure is not because of poor judgments or unintended mistakes ; it is deliberate PLO policy , strategy and ideology.Rather than lament the absence of a “ Palestinian Sadat , ” willing to make peace , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu should explain why this false scenario is inevitably doomed to fail . Calling for an Israeli leader like Menachem Begin or Yitzhak Rabin , willing to make territorial concessions , is worse because it keeps the fantasy of a “ two state solution ” on life support when there have been no vital signs for many years . Rejecting peace with Israel is and has always been fundamental to what Palestinians demand – an independent state – and what Palestinianism means : the struggle against Zionism in any form . Any compromise based on accepting Zionism and the State of Israel is , for Arab Palestinians , a non-starter . The reason is simple : Palestinian nationalism – according to PLO and Hamas charters – is dedicated to wiping out Israel . Accepting Israel would be denying the PLO/Hamas raison d’etre and admitting that those who sacrificed themselves in terrorist attacks died in vain , that Palestinian “ martyrdom ” was a fraud . It means the end of the Palestinian revolution and its ideology.Arab Palestinian leaders recognized this nearly a hundred years ago , when , led by the pro-Nazi Mufti Haj Amin Husseini , they rampaged in murderous attacks against Jews . After the State of Israel was established , many Israeli Arabs accepted the new reality , but many did not and never will . The reason is simple : Arabs view Jewish success as their defeat . Moreover , unlike Arabs who migrated to what was called Palestine , Jewish nationalism , Zionism , is rooted in a historical and biblical attachment to the land . Nor did local Arabs imitate Zionist institution-building during the 1920s , ‘ 30s and ‘ 40s . Jews built hospitals and agricultural settlements ; Arabs raided them . Jews built schools and parks ; Arabs initiated pogroms.As Israel developed economically , technologically and demographically , Israeli Arabs realized that they could not compete with Jewish state-building and never would . They could become part of the Israeli socioeconomic system , but as a dependent minority ; advancement depended on integration . Since the 1967 Six Day War , this reality has only become clearer . Arab businesspeople understand this and it underlies their commercial and personal relationships with Israelis . And this reality explains why so many Arab Palestinians seek accommodation with Israel and Israeli citizenship . Palestinianism may be a nice idea , but stability and feeding one ’s family come first.What determines – and will determine – the future of Israel and Arab communities on both sides of the “ Green Line ” ( the armistice lines of 1949 ) is not “ Palestinian self-determination ” politically , but the imperative of working together economically . The flourishing of Jewish communities in Area C of Judea and Samaria ( “ settlements ” ) is irreversible . Arabs can sabotage and try to slow the settlement movement , but they can not stop it because it has become a committed national policy.Despite this , the PLO hopes that the international community , led by the EU and UN , will stop Israel from expanding , and that a Palestinian state in some form will emerge . Most experts agree , however , that a Palestinian state is not viable . And political pressure is no substitute for economic development . Economists have concluded that the Palestinian economy is a “ basket case , ” unsustainable , dependent on foreign aid and Israeli markets , technology and infrastructure . No “ peace proposal ” can replace that bottom line.Ironically , the very countries , institutions , organizations and individuals which provide generous funding and are dedicated to Palestinianism have misled and impaired Palestinians . Like it or not , the Palestinian and Israeli economies are bound together . In 2014 , officially 12 % of employed Palestinians in the West Bank worked in Israel , mostly in construction ; many more work illegally and even more work in West Bank settlements . Currently , about 60,000 Palestinians from the West Bank possess Israeli work permits , though estimates are that about twice that number are actually employed and that number is increasing . Two-thirds of all goods imported into the Palestinian Authority come from Israel ; sales to Israel account for 80 % of PA exports ; the PA is Israel ’s biggest export market after the US . The Palestinian GDP is only 7.4 % of Israel ’s . The Palestinian economy relies entirely on the Israeli , Egyptian , Jordanian currencies – and the US dollar ; their banks depend on Israel ’s banking system . Without monetary independence , political independence is meaningless . The Palestinians simply ca n’t survive without Israel – and they know it.This leaves Arab Palestinians only three realistic options : 1 ) federation with Jordan , 2 ) peace with Israel , or 3 ) moving to another country . They can continue building their communities , economy and infrastructure ; defeating Israel and/or establishing a separate is not possible.When these realities are understood , there will be peace – not through interventions by the international community , anti-Israel campaigns , incitement and terrorism . Until then , Palestinian leaders will continue to miss opportunities , to the detriment of their people . That ’s why there is no “ Palestinian Sadat ” and why suggesting further concessions like those made by previous Israeli politicians is not only irrelevant , it is not based on reality . Although unpleasant , we can learn to live with “ No ! ” Meanwhile , we say “ Yes ! ” to life and the Zionist dream.The author is a PhD historian , writer and journalist living in Jerusalem .	Living with the Palestinian ‘ No ! ’
If you 're a normal person who pays attention to politics , you 'd be forgiven for thinking that Washington ca n't decide whether deficits are bad or not . Well , I have one easy trick that will help you make sense of it all . In Washington , when you hear people complain that this or that piece of legislation will " explode " the deficit , what they are really telling you is that they do n't like the legislation . It 's really that simple . Good legislation , like good food , movies , novels and pretty much everything else except for dogs ( they 're all good ) , is in the eye of the beholder . A politician or partisan who thinks a proposal is worth doing will think it 's worth doing even if it increases the deficit . If he thinks a proposal is bad , he might argue that it 's bad on the merits . But you can be sure that if it also increases the deficit , he will cite this fact as a major reason why it is bad . That is the role deficits — and the national debt — play in our politics . Anti-debt talk serves as dye marker for some more fundamental objection . Almost everyone thinks deficits are bad in the abstract , but that their badness should only be a problem for the other side . In 2008 , for example , then-presidential candidate Barack Obama said that the $ 4 trillion in debt rung up under George W. Bush was " unpatriotic . " But his actual complaint was n't about the debt but what that money was spent on — the Iraq war and tax cuts . Under Obama , the national debt soared from $ 11 trillion to just under $ 20 trillion , but that deficit spending was justifiable , according to Democrats , because it went to combating the financial crisis and paying for various other domestic programs . The source of the apparent inconsistency is n't simply partisan hypocrisy ( though that 's a factor as well ) , but a good-faith ideological disagreement . As a matter of economic policy , conservatives believe that the people themselves are better at spending their money than the government is . Cutting taxes and regulations drives economic growth . Liberals , meanwhile , believe that the government is the prime , or at least an indispensable , driver of economic growth . This is why liberals tend to talk about spending on everything from infrastructure to education as an " investment . " The Obama stimulus was sold as an investment that would pay huge dividends , thanks in part to Keynesian " multipliers " — the idea that every dollar of government spending results in more than a dollar in economic growth . Obamacare , we were told , would reduce the deficit by cutting health care spending and improving economic growth . Conservatives make similar arguments about tax cuts . Over the weekend , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told Fox News that the tax cuts would yield more than enough economic growth to make up for the deficit the bill creates on paper . On the philosophical side , there 's an even starker conflict of visions . Liberals tend to start from the assumption that the government is entitled to as much revenue as it needs , and so tax cuts amount to giving people money . Earlier this year , Sen. Bernie Sanders proposed a budget that would add at least $ 21 trillion to the debt over a decade . But when the Senate passed the GOP tax bill , he tweeted , " Historians will look back on Dec. 1 , 2017 and conclude this was one of the great robberies in US history because Republicans are looting the Treasury . " For Sanders , letting people keep more of their own money is theft — because it 's really the government 's money . Conservatives , on the other hand , start from the assumption that money belongs to the people and businesses who earn it . Letting people and businesses keep more of their money is n't a handout or giveaway , never mind a robbery : It 's fairness . The ultimate problem is that everyone says they care about the deficit , but few people care about it enough . Democrats think spending is more important than the deficit , and Republicans think cutting taxes is more important . And that 's why the national debt is more than $ 20 trillion , and growing . Jonah Goldberg is a syndicated columnist and author . He explores politics and culture for National Review as a senior editor . He is the author of " Liberal Fascism " and " The Tyranny of Cliches : How Liberals Cheat in the War of Ideas . ” For more of his reports , Go Here Now .	Anti-Deficit Talk Usually a Cover for Other Objections
LIVE Vancouver More Streams The provincial government announced Monday it will create more than 3,800 new licensed child-care spaces at a cost of $ 33 million , which it says will help " thousands " of families . Children and Family Development Minister Katrine Conroy made the announcement at the YMCA child-care centre in Vancouver 's Woodwards building and was joined by fellow NDP MLAs Katrina Chen and Melanie Mark . Conroy , in a news release , said the 3,806 spaces will come from 103 projects in 52 communities . " We are speeding up the creation of new child-care spaces to address years of pent-up demand for child care , " she said . The government says the 3,806 spaces will focus on areas of greatest need : infant and toddler spaces , spaces on school grounds or in community hubs , " inclusive spaces in child-development centres , " Indigenous child care and employer-based spaces . Expect all spaces in 1 to 2 years Conroy said she expected all 3,806 spaces to be in place within one to two years . She said the $ 33 million would be spent on both renovating existing facilities and building new ones . The NDP campaigned on a promise of bringing in $ 10-a-day child care and Conroy said further details on " a system of child care " would be released in February 's budget . " " It 's going to take a little while to roll out a system of child care , " she said . " We are doing a lot of work to ensure that we are meeting with advocates , with child care providers , with families , to ensure we 're going to put a system in place that 's going to work for families of British Columbia . " Communities desperate for spaces Mary Clare Zak , managing director of social policy for the City of Vancouver , said the 453 child-care spaces the funding would provide for her city were " clearly not enough . " She says the city needs about 17,000 new spaces . " It 's a step in the right direction , and it 's a start , " she said . " What Vancouver 's looking forward to is working with the province to fulfill its commitments ... to provide universal child care . " In Prince George , Correen Blischen , owner of the Duchess Park Early Learning Centre , said she was " so excited " that her facility would receive funding for 40 new spaces . She says the need for child care in the community is reaching " critical mass . " " I 've had parents calling me , desperately seeking spaces for their children , " she said . She says the lack of space is driving some parents to rely on unlicensed child care providers which she says have " issues " like poor oversight and accountability . Sharon Gregson , an advocate for $ 10-a-day child care , said she expects today 's announcement to lead to bigger child-care investments . " We need a province that 's committed to building a system , and that 's our expectation of what we 'll hear in February , " she said . " This is a very small announcement in the scheme of things but an important signal of new spaces to come . " With files from Tina Lovgreen and Audrey McKinnon What do you do for childcare in B.C. ? Email tina.lovgreen@cbc.ca	Province announces $ 33M to create 3,800 new child-care spaces
Oh My God , Finally Capcom announced a new Mega Man game during today ’s 30th anniversary stream . Mega Man 11 is coming to all the relevant systems sometime in late 2018 ! Finally , a new game that is n’t just a collection of titles from over ten years ago ! The image above was snagged from the art collection in Mega Man Legacy Collection 2 earlier this year . Fans were pretty sure it hinted towards a new project in the works , and it turns out they were right ! Pictured above is the Blue Bomber himself sporting one of the new powers stolen from a defeated Robot Master . During the many plays of the trailer throughout the stream , it looks like a power somehow related to blocks and their manipulation . Neat ! Unfortunately , there ’s no concrete release date at this time . Someone from the Capcom team hinted at a proper release date coming next summer . It ’s a long while to wait for more information , but hopefully we ’ll get a lot more sweet-looking footage in the meantime . Until then , you can check out the trailer below . The graphics are a bit of a departure , but we ca n’t keep riding that 8-bit train forever . I ’m looking forward to yet another version of Doctor Wily to beat up next year . The post Mega Man 11 Finally Coming in 2018 appeared first on COGconnected .	Mega Man 11 Finally Coming in 2018
LIVE Manitoba More Streams Residents of a notorious Winnipeg rooming house were chased out by a fire on Monday . Shayne Metraux , who lives in the building on Balmoral Street between Cumberland and Notre Dame avenues , said he heard the alarm going off and went to look for smoke . He found it billowing out the back staircase on the second floor so he grabbed his cat and went around banging on doors to alert others residents about the fire . Emergency crews were called just after 11 a.m. to the multi-unit building , which has been nicknamed Murder Mansion for the number of homicides that have occurred there in recent years . Metraux said an ambulance took one person away but he had no idea who the person was or what condition they were in . He is n't certain how many people live in the building , saying numerous people come and go . " A lot of dangerous people hang around . People are being stabbed and people are being punched , so I just barricade my door at night , " said Metraux , who noted Monday 's fire was the third one in the past couple of weeks . Police ask the public to avoid the area as some roads are blocked by emergency vehicles .	Fire forces residents out of infamous Winnipeg rooming house
ADDISON TWP . ( WWJ ) – A 62-year-old male Oakland County man is jailed on a felony charge after he allegedly attacked a family member , and threatened to shoot him . Deputies responded to a home in the 40 block of E. Division in Addison Township late Saturday night , after a woman called 911 to report that her husband was assaulting her brother with “ a stick of some kind . ” According to investigators , the two men had been drinking and got into argument . At one point , sheriff ’s officials say , the husband began beating the brother with a stick . The fight broke up momentarily while the complainant called 911 , but officials say the the husband returned with a shotgun and threatened to “ put a bullet in his head , ” referring to the brother . When deputies arrived they found the suspect standing in the driveway unarmed . He was taken into custody , and a shotgun was recovered from the home . The 57-year-old victim , who told deputies he ’d been living with his sister and brother-in-law for the last 20 years , declined medical attention . Deputies said he denied being assaulted , despite a bloody injury to his face . As an investigation continues , the suspect remains at the Oakland County Jail on a charge of Domestic Violence – Felonious Assault . His name is being withheld pending an arraignment .	Oakland County Man Arrested For Attack With Stick , Shooting Threat
Heretics are time travelers . They see the future with the clarity and confidence of someone who has been there and only returned to let the rest of us know what can and should be . Most of the time , everyone else simply is n’t ready . So , the crazy ideas that are actually vivid portraits of a better future are dismissed as heresy.A handful of history ’s most heretical ideas : Love your enemy.The earth revolves around the sun.Humans are related to apes.Disease is caused by unseen organisms.Many of those who proposed the ideas above were mocked , jailed , tortured , or even crucified.The future heretics bring to the present can also assume the form of declarations , such as : “ I will run a mile in less than three minutes . ”“ We will put a man on the moon and bring him home safely by the end of the decade . ”“ Little boys and girls will one day not be concerned with the color of their skins . ”“ Homosexuals should have pride . ” The heretics who made those declarations were ridiculed , stoned , fire-hosed , or assassinated.Heretics can also come to us with ways to do something we already do but in a manner we never dreamed was possible : the printing press , the horseless carriage , the knuckle ball , the quartz timepiece , blood transfusions , electrically amplified musical instruments , aluminum cans , building implosions , satellite communications , digital recordings . Each of those adaptations met disparagement and an endless stream of reasons why they were not just impossible , but dangerous.A world without heretics is a world with no future — a world in which time stands still.Were it not for heretics , we ’d still be living in caves , fearful of the night , defending ourselves with rocks , and sacrificing virgins to appease gods . In fact , if it were n’t for heretics , our species may not have survived at all.So why do we always resist and ridicule the heretic ? Why is it that anyone who thinks , speaks , or behaves profoundly differently than we do is queer at best , burned at the stake at worst ? And why is this sad human habit so especially prevalent today?Why is it that if someone says or does something that deeply questions our way of thinking or doing , we become so upset that we assassinate their character and shame them into silence?Will we ever recognize heretics as a rare and precious commodity to be heard and nurtured ? What if we accepted heretics , welcomed , and even encouraged and revered them?Why ca n’t we just see that our lives would suck without them ?	Why Heresy and Heretics Matter
Larry Summers , the treasury secretary during the Clinton administration , said “ thousands would die ” because of the Republican tax plan that is gradually making its way through Congress before President Donald Trump signs it into law as early as this month . The tax plan repeals the individual mandate that requires people to buy health insurance or face federal penalties , which likely will lead many people to forgo a health plan . Many taxpayers choose to pay the penalty instead of forking out more money for coverage . The average penalty per person was estimated at $ 708 this year , according to preliminary data cited by the New York Times . Summers said he based his grim assertion on the work by another economist , Kate Baicker , who served on the Council of Economic Advisers during the administration of President George W. Bush . She now is dead of the Harris School of Public Policy at the University of Chicago . Baicker wrote two peer-reviewed studies about how losing health insurance affected mortality rates . One study focused on people in Massachusetts and found that one out of 176 people died from losing insurance . A second study of people in New York , Arizona and Maine found that one out 830 people died from the loss of insurance . “ The Congressional Budget Office estimated that the tax bill could reduce insurance coverage by 13 million people , which to be conservative we can round down to 10 million people , ” Summers wrote in a blog for the Financial Times . “ If we treat the 176 to 830 range as implying that it is safe to assume that 1,000 more uninsured means one death , the conclusion would follow that the tax bill would result in 10,000 extra deaths per year . ” Summers said there are many issues that can affect such an outcome . “ Do changes in private insurance from repealing the mandate have more or less potent effects than changes in Medicaid coverage ? ” he asked . “ How do the effects play out over time ? Are there compelling contrary studies ? ” While people are still free to buy health insurance even if the federal government does n’t require them to do so , Summers cites two reasons for why they likely wo n’t . “ First , for many , the loss of health insurance will not be voluntary : They will lose coverage because premiums will increase , pricing them out of the market , ” he said . “ Second , I take seriously the insights of behavioral economics , which suggest that irrational actors may make choices that will lead to worse health outcomes , and higher mortality rates . ” If anything , an estimate of 10,000 deaths may be too conservative , he said . The Senate 's tax bill that was passed on Dec. 2 has many differences from a version the House approved two weeks earlier , which means that a joint conference committee will have to iron out an agreement . Both houses have to approve identical bills before Trump can sign it . Trump has said he wants a bill by Christmas , and Saturday 's Senate vote keeps the GOP on that schedule .	Larry Summers : ' Thousands Will Die ' From GOP Tax Plan
Caralynn is a writer , native New Yorker , TV enthusiast , and dog mom to Hobbes . It ’s only been a week since the engagement of Prince Harry to Meghan Markle was announced , but “ royal wedding fever ” is already in full swing . The big news was announced by the Prince of Wales on November 27 , 2017 . At the time , only general details about the upcoming nuptials were released . Clarence House — on behalf of Harry ’s dad , Prince Charles , and Harry ’s stepmother , the Duchess of Cornwall — revealed that the royal wedding would take place in Spring 2018 , with a promise that further details about the wedding would be announced in time . In the days since , we ’ve learned more about the couple and have even seen them make their first official royal engagement appearance in the city of Nottingham . Fans of the royal family have also found out several details about the upcoming wedding , such as the fact that it will take place in May at St. George ’s Chapel in Windsor Castle . But of everything we ’ve learned so far , nothing has come as quite a surprise as the news that Prince William is unlikely to be his younger brother ’s best man in the wedding . Scroll through to find out why ! Thumbnail Photo : Instagram / Kensington Palace Fans of the royal family were undeniably excited when they heard the news that Prince Harry would finally be getting married to American actress Meghan Markle . As it turns out , the Prince ’s relatives were just as thrilled for him ! In an official statement after the news was announced , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge said : “ We are very excited for Harry and Meghan . It has been wonderful getting to know Meghan and to see how happy she and Harry are together . ” In his first appearance after the news was announced , Prince William also joked : “ We ’re very excited , delighted for them both . We ’re wishing them all the happiness in this very exciting time [ … ] Personally , I hope it means he stays out of my fridge and will stop scrounging my food , which he ’s done for the last few years ! ” In their first-ever joint interview after the engagement was announcement , Prince Harry and his bride-to-be also confirmed that Harry ’s brother and sister-in-law had been “ amazing ” and incredibly supportive of their relationship . Prince Harry ’s grandparents were similarly enthusiastic . Via their official Twitter account , the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh announced that they “ are delighted for the couple and wish them every happiness . ” So why , then , is Prince William unlikely to be his brother ’s best man ? As it turns out , it ’s not an indication of any bad blood between them . Royals fanatics have been wondering about the more intricate wedding details , like who will be in the wedding party . Meghan Markle has a lot of famous friends , so there has been plenty of speculation about whether people like Serena Williams or any of Meghan ’s Suits co-stars will be in the wedding party — or if Meghan ’s future sister-in-law , Kate Middleton , will be a bridesmaid . One British and European royalty expert , Marlene Koenig , told Town &amp; Country that one detail about the upcoming wedding is probable — that Prince William will not be his brother ’s best man . This is because there is technically no such thing as a best man at a royal wedding . It ’s just not a thing for royals . “ The best man or best men are officially called supporters , ” Marlene explained . “ William will probably be Harry ’s supporter . ” Interestingly , Prince William broke royal protocol when it came to his own wedding to Kate Middleton back in 2011 . According to The Guardian , Clarence House announced in February 2011 ( several months ahead of William and Kate ’s royal wedding ) that Prince Harry would be the best man and Pippa Middleton would be the maid of honor . Despite the fact that grooms in royal wedding normally choose a “ supporter ” instead of a best man — as their dad , the Prince of Wales , chose his brother , Prince Andrew , as his supporter when he married Princess Diana in 1981 — William specifically chose to call his brother his “ best man . ” Whether Prince Harry winds up breaking royal protocol or sticks with tradition , it ’s very possible that Prince William will wind up hosting his brother ’s bachelor party ( called a “ stag party ” in England ) , just as his younger brother did for him . According to Brides , Prince William ’s office confirmed that his bachelor party had taken place in late March and was hosted by Prince Harry at a country estate . While Prince William ’s role in the wedding is not currently confirmed , most royal experts are all but certain that Prince George and Princess Charlotte have roles in the upcoming wedding . Prince George is expected to be a page boy and Princess Charlotte is expected to be a bridesmaid , according to Marlene .	Royal Experts Say Prince William Likely Wo n’t Be Prince Harry ’s Best Man In His Wedding
HOUSTON -- ( Dec. 4 , 2017 ) -- The first clinical study of a low-cost , hand-held jaundice detector invented by Rice University students could n't have come at a better time for NEST360 ° , an international team of scientists , doctors and global health experts preparing for a Dec. 11 competition for $ 100 million from the MacArthur Foundation . The money would allow the team to carry out its visionary plan to halve the number of newborn deaths in African hospitals within 10 years . " As the clinical study of BiliSpec shows , saving newborn lives in sub-Saharan Africa is achievable , " said NEST360 ° 's Rebecca Richards-Kortum , a Rice bioengineering professor and study co-author who has worked for more than a decade to bring effective , affordable neonatal technologies like BiliSpec to Africa . " It simply requires the right tools in the right hands at the right time . " The clinical study , which is based on tests in February and March on 68 patients at Queen Elizabeth Central Hospital in Blantyre , Malawi , will appear this week in the Early Edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . BiliSpec is a low-cost , battery-powered reader designed to diagnose jaundice by immediately quantifying serum bilirubin levels from a small drop of whole blood . Jaundice , which is caused by the buildup of bilirubin in the bloodstream , affects about 60 percent of newborns and can cause severe , untreatable brain damage or death if it is untreated . Standard jaundice tests require multiple expensive disposables and laboratory equipment like centrifuges or spectrophotometers that African hospitals typically can not afford . Babies in sub-Saharan Africa are about 100 times more likely to die of jaundice than are babies in the U.S. , partly because doctors diagnosing jaundice in sub-Saharan Africa have little to go on other than what their eyes tell them . " Clinicians in sub-Saharan Africa typically diagnose jaundice by looking at a child and gauging the color of their skin or the whites of their eyes , " said study co-author Pelham Keahey , a Rice applied physics graduate student who worked alongside clinicians at Queen Elizabeth Central Hospital to gather data for the study . The study showed that BiliSpec has comparable accuracy to the more expensive laboratory tests found in high-resource settings . Each BiliSpec test costs about 5 cents and can be performed in about two minutes right at the patient 's bedside . The price is important because it could bring testing for jaundice within reach for cash-strapped hospitals in sub-Saharan Africa . " The next step is a larger , two-year follow-up study of efficacy and usability that will be conducted at five hospitals in Malawi , " Keahey said . Rice won funding for the follow-up study in August from Saving Lives at Birth , a joint undertaking by the U.S. Agency for International Development ( USAID ) , the Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation and the governments of Norway , Canada and South Korea . BiliSpec is one component of a 17-piece neonatal package called NEST , short for Newborn Essential Solutions and Technologies , that is designed specifically for African hospitals . Study co-authors include graduate student Mathieu Simeral , undergraduate student Kristofer Schroder and postdoctoral research associate Meaghan Bond , all of Rice ; Dr. Queen Dube and Prince Mtenthaonnga , both of the Department of Pediatrics at Queen Elizabeth Central Hospital ; and Robert Miros of 3rd Stone Design in San Rafael , Calif . The study was supported by USAID . VIDEO is available at : High-resolution IMAGES are available for download at : CAPTION : Rice University students ( from left ) Mathieu Simeral , Pelham Keahey and Kristofer Schroder helped complete the first clinical study of BiliSpec , a low-cost , battery-powered reader designed to diagnose jaundice by immediately quantifying serum bilirubin levels from a small drop of whole blood . ( Photo by Jeff Fitlow/Rice University ) CAPTION : BiliSpec is a low-cost , battery-powered reader designed to diagnose jaundice by immediately quantifying serum bilirubin levels from a small drop of whole blood . ( Photo by Jeff Fitlow/Rice University ) The DOI of the Science Advances paper is : 10.1073 / pnas .1714020114 A copy of the paper will be available at : MacArthur Foundation 100 &amp; Change home page : https://www.100andchange.org/ Richards-Kortum , Oden , Palamountain : All babies deserve a chance to live -- Houston Chronicle , Nov. 18 , 2016 NEST 360 : How good design can save 1 million babies per year -- Rice Magazine , Winter 2017 : http://magazine.rice.edu/2017/01/breathe-easy-repeat/	NEST360º 's low-cost jaundice detector passes first test in Africa
How to rate the first date ( 1 ) People always wondering how to judge their first datewithin these lyrics you ’ll learn how to find a mateand tell for certainty is it good , great , or a mistake.So y’ all sitting at the table and before comes the platemake sure you remember the four most important traitbeauty , commonality , character , and for god ’s sakedo n’t forget the intelligence to relate.On a scale from one to ten , not seven , you ratebased on these four traits that the person elucidate.So here ’s what they mean , not to equivocate : beauty , how well are you attracted to yo date?On a scale from one to ten , not seven , you rate.commonality , how well can y’ all really relate?On a scale from one to ten , not seven , you rate.character , are they good for earth to domesticate?On a scale from one to ten , not seven , you rate.intelligence , ca n’t be dumb or it ’s a headache.On a scale from one to ten , not seven , you rate.This is the rule for finding your soul mate.Please share this and let ’s help annihilateall those beautiful souls mismatched before they procreatewith the wrong mate that they should have known to eliminatehad they had this information … on the first date .	How to rate the first date
The White House ’s top lawyer told President Trump in January that he believed then-national security adviser Mike Flynn had lied to Vice President Pence , CNN reported on Monday . Flynn also misled the FBI , and White House counsel Donald McGahn urged the president to can the former Army general , the network said , citing sources . The report raises new questions about what the president knew before he went to then-FBI Director James Comey and asked him to drop the investigation into Flynn ’s Russian contacts . Special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia ’s effort to meddle in the election . McGahn told the president that after speaking with then-acting Attorney General Sally Yates , he believed Flynn was n’t being honest when he denied any Russian ties to Pence and the feds . Trump ’s personal lawyer , John Dowd said earlier Monday that he was the author of a weekend Trump tweet posted after Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his conversations with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak during the presidential transition . “ I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI , ” the tweet said . “ He has pled guilty to those lies . It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful . There was nothing to hide ! ” If Trump was aware that Flynn had possibly committed a crime prior to asking that Comey give Flynn a break , it would raise questions about whether he was trying to obstruct the probe .	White House lawyer tipped Trump off to Flynn ’s lying
Employees arriving to work Monday at the Golden Krust plant in the Bronx — where the founder and CEO of the beef-patty empire killed himself over the weekend — were met with a message from the family-owned business ’ rep calling the death “ a devastating loss . ” In the message , posted outside the door of the Park Avenue warehouse in Claremont , company spokesman Steven Clarke told workers he wanted them to know how “ proud ” Lowell Hawthorne was of them . “ To Lowell , you were more than just names on a roster , ” Clarke , a nephew of Hawthorne , wrote . “ You were — and remain — our family . “ Although we are grieving , we will continue to uphold the standards that Lowell has set : providing stellar customer service , producing a world-class line of products ; and mainstreaming the safest working conditions for everyone — all with the goal of taking the taste of the Caribbean to the world , ” Clarke wrote . “ This is a mission of which we should all be proud , and even though our hearts are heavy , we can take encouragement from knowing that we are continuing Lowell ’s cherished life ’s work . ” The 57-year-old Jamaican-born owner and married father of three , shot himself in the head in his office at the meat-pie plant on Saturday amid fears the feds were investigating him for evading millions of dollars in taxes , law enforcement sources told The Post . Golden Krust workers and fans alike on Monday remembered the beef-patty purveyor . “ He was a good person , honest , ” said Dane Francis , 51 , who worked at the company for a decade . “ He always checked on everyone . He cares about us . ” Eight-year employee Gregory White , 43 , called Hawthorne “ a very nice man . ” “ I ca n’t say anything bad about him , ” White added . Paul Mitchell , 55 , who has worked at Golden Krust for three years , recalled how employees were sobbing Sunday morning after finding out the news . “ Everyone was crying that morning , ” said Mitchell . “ He was a very beautiful , nice gentleman . Hard working , down to earth , the best of the best . ” Queens resident Felicia McLaughlin , 45 , who stopped by the factory Monday to place a flower at a makeshift memorial , described herself as a “ loyal customer since 1989 . ” Commenting on Hawthorne ’s death , McLaughlin said : “ It was sad that he allowed his financial woes to take away his mind . ” Regarding the future of the business — which started in 1989 — Clarke told The Post : “ We have internal processes to carry out the next steps . ” “ It ’s not easy but tomorrow , the next year and years to come , the business will be thriving , ” Clarke said .	Golden Krust calls CEO ’s suicide a ‘ devastating loss ’ in note to workers
Dan Gilbert has added another prominent Detroit building to his real estate portfolio . Representatives from Bedrock announced that they ’ve acquired the handsome Buhl Building , but the price is not yet known . A street view of the Buhl Building in downtown Detroit , 2017 . Built in 1925 and designed by Wirt C. Rowland , the 27-story building sits on Griswold Street across from the Guardian Building and currently has 57 tenants . Bedrock has also acquired the neighboring parking garage , which has 652 parking spaces . “ As Bedrock always does for our iconic building acquisitions , our strategy for the Buhl Building balances the importance of respecting its history and architecture with ensuring a smooth transition for all of the existing tenants . We also look forward to improving common areas , technology and implementing modern building infrastructure in the building and garage , ” said Jim Ketai , Bedrock CEO . " When the Buhl was built in the 1920s , it represented one of the most prestigious office buildings in Detroit , and we are proud to add the iconic building and garage to our portfolio . ” Kirk Pinho from Crain ’s is also reporting that Bedrock has acquired the Harvard Square Center on Broadway from Dennis Kefallinos . The building sits across from the Z-Lot and Punch Bowl Social and has been vacant for years . Dan Gilbert has more than 100 properties in the downtown area , plus major residential construction underway and more new construction in the works . Last week , we mapped out ten of his largest developments .	Dan Gilbert snags Buhl Building downtown
Credit : UT Austin Jackson School of Geosciences Scientists have long pondered how rocky bodies in the solar system -- including our own Earth -- got their metal cores . According to research conducted by The University of Texas at Austin , evidence points to the downwards percolation of molten metal toward the center of the planet through tiny channels between grains of rock . The finding calls into question the interpretation of prior experiments and simulations that sought to understand how metals behave under intense heat and pressure when planets are forming . Past results suggested that large portions of molten metals stayed trapped in isolated pores between the grains . In contrast , the new research suggests that once those isolated pores grow large enough to connect , the molten metal starts to flow , and most of it is able to percolate along grain boundaries . This process would let metal trickle down through the mantle , accumulate in the center , and form a metal core , like the iron core at the heart of our home planet . " What we 're saying is that once the melt network becomes connected , it stays connected until almost all of the metal is in the core , " said co-author Marc Hesse , an associate professor in the UT Jackson School of Geosciences Department of Geological Sciences , and a member of UT 's Institute for Computational Engineering and Sciences . The research was published on Dec. 4 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . The work was the doctoral thesis of Soheil Ghanbarzadeh , who earned his Ph.D. while a student in the UT Department of Petroleum and Geosystems Engineering ( now the Hildebrand Department of Petroleum and Geosystems Engineering ) . He currently works as a reservoir engineer with BP America . Soheil was jointly advised by Hesse and Maša Prodanovic , an associate professor in the Hildebrand Department and a co-author . Planets and planetesimals ( small planets and large asteroids ) are formed primarily from silicate rocks and metal . Part of the planet formation process involves the initial mass of material separating into a metallic core and a silicate shell made up of the mantle and the crust . For the percolation theory of core formation to work , the vast majority of metal in the planetary body must make its way to the center . In this study , Ghanbarzadeh developed a computer model to simulate the distribution of molten iron between rock grains as porosity , or melt fraction , increased or decreased . The simulations were perfomed at the Texas Advanced Computing Center . Researchers found that once the metal starts to flow , it can continue flowing even as the melt fraction decreases significantly . This is in contrast to previous simulations that found that once the metal starts flowing , it only takes a small dip in the volume of melt for percolation to stop . " People have assumed that you disconnect at the same melt fraction at which you initially connected ... and it would leave significant amounts of the metal behind , " Hesse said . " What we found is that when the metallic melt connects and when it disconnects is not necessarily the same . " According to the computer model , only 1 to 2 percent of the initial metal would be trapped in the silicate mantle when percolation stops , which is consistent with the amount of metal in the Earth 's mantle . The researchers point to the arrangement of the rock grains to explain the differences in how well-connected the spaces between the grains are . Previous work used a geometric pattern of regular , identical grains , while this work relied on simulations using an irregular grain geometry , which is thought to more closely mirror real-life conditions . The geometry was generated using data from a polycrystalline titanium sample that was scanned using X-ray microtomography . " The numerical model Soheil developed in his Ph.D. thesis allowed for finding three-dimensional melt networks of any geometrical complexity for the first time , " said Prodanovic . " Having a three-dimensional model is key in understanding and quantifying how melt trapping works . " The effort paid off because researchers found that the geometry has a strong effect on melt connectivity . In the irregular grains , the melt channels vary in width , and the larges ones remain connected even as most of the metal drains away . " What we did differently in here was to add the element of curiosity to see what happens when you drain the melt from the porous , ductile rock , " said Ghanbarzadeh . The researchers also compared their results to a metallic melt network preserved in an anchondrite meteorite , a type of meteorite that came from a planetary body that differentiated into discernable layers . X-ray images of the meteorite taken in the Jackson School 's High-Resolution X-Ray CT Facility revealed a metal distribution that is comparable to the computed melt networks . Prodanovic said that this comparison shows that their simulation capture the features observed in the meteorite . The study was funded by the Statoil Fellows Program at UT Austin and the National Science Foundation .	Trickle-down is the solution ( to the planetary core formation problem )
THE final-day red shirt was here . So were the galleries , following every shot . And the whoops , hollers and utterly crass comments by the big-mouthed wise-guys behind the ropes . USA TODAY SportsBut while Tiger Woods was back in body at the Hero World Challenge in Nassau , not even the former giant of golf knows whether he is really back in spirit . That Woods remains the biggest draw in golf is not in doubt . Whenever the issue was raised around the Albany Resort , the response was the same : “ Nobody else moves the dial like him . ” It is a comment about the TV audiences Woods attracts , an entourage that runs from East Coast to West and includes every outpost in between . The Golf Channel ran a countdown clock to his press conference on Tuesday and to his tee-off on all four days . NBC made him the focus of the weekend . Woods still sells . USA TODAY SportsCompleting four rounds , three of them sub-par , and finishing ahead of two Major winners represented the first steps on the long journey back towards the top . But it is more than four years since his last Tour win . And the game has changed . In his intimidating pomp — when he won 14 Majors — Woods was a monster off the tee , 40 yards longer than the rest . Now everyone hits the ball out of sight . Woods was thrilled with his driving here , recording a club-head impact speed of 180mph , quicker than most of the big hitters in the top ten in 2017 . Watching him run off the first tee on Sunday , in pursuit of his ball , was a massive sign the 41-year-old feels he is on the way back after a fourth back operation . Yet that ball striking made him merely competitive with partner Justin Thomas . They were playing the same club for nearly every approach . While Tiger was shooting a four-under 68 to tie for ninth , Rickie Fowler was starting with seven straight birdies before finishing with a 61 to win by four shots . Both of the young bucks , though , acknowledged Woods can still cast a shadow . Fowler , 28 , said : “ A lot of the young guys on the Tour have n’t played against him in his prime . I would n’t say we ’re scared , more excited . “ But Tiger ’s still going to have that similar effect when you see his name on the board coming down the last nine holes and being in the mix . You know he ’s not scared . He ’s done it , he ’s been there before . ” Fowler noted that Woods was winning on 30 per cent of his starts in his prime and Thomas , 24 , added : “ I do n’t want to see THAT Tiger because the statistics say not many of us would have much of a chance . But we want to be able to battle down the stretch with him . ” Whether they will actually get the chance is less clear . We will all know more by April in Augusta .	Tiger Woods back with a bang and young stars including Rickie Fowler relish chance to take him on again
Group strategy for filtering and distinguishing fake newsInfographic + Generator : Description : The generator will take in an article or link to a post and provide the user with information about their article ’s legitimacy . The generator will take key words from the headline and content , and search for related or similar articles from valid , credible sources . However , if there are no other sources or content that exist about the user ’s submission , the result from the generator will read “ no results , ” meaning their post is most likely not true.How the generator works / what the user can submit : The link to a potentially fake news storyThe text from the articleThe article title/headerWith so many articles published in the web , it sometimes can get pretty difficult to distinguish what is credible or fake . Here are a series of tips and guidelines to help users overcome this difficulty : Tips &amp; Guidelines : Credibility of an article based on its sources ( e.g. TIME , Wall Street Journal , The New York Times , etc . ) Checking grammatical errors of the articleBias — is the language free of emotions ? ( personal opinion vs. general information ) Is the author Identified and recognizable in the field?Is the format of the article professional?Are the links and informations up to date ?	Week 9 — Fake News + Social Media Posts
A 75-year-old woman who police allege was the leader of a religious cult in Florida has been charged with murder in Georgia in the death of a toddler more than 25 years ago , PEOPLE confirms . According to a press release from the Cobb County Sheriff ’s Office , a cold case investigation led to charges against the woman , Anna Elizabeth Young , described in the release as a “ cult leader . ” According to Art Forgey , spokesman for the Alachua County Sheriff ’s Office in Florida , the victim , Emon Harper , was 2 or 3 years-old at the time of the killing , which happened in either 1988 or 1989 . “ He died as a result of cruel punishment and repeated beatings , ” Forgey tells PEOPLE . Young , according to cops , was known as “ Mother Anna ” to her followers and allegedly ran a “ religious boarding school ” called the House of Prayer for All People . Police say Young was married in Georgia under the last named Anderson . Authorities are not sure how long she has lived in Marietta , Georgia . • Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage ? Click here to get breaking crime news , ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter . Young has been indicted on a single count of first-degree murder . According to Forgey , police started investigating Young after receiving an email , documenting years of alleged abuse she carried out against children . “ We think there are more victims , ” Forgey says . “ Detectives were able to put together a timeline and information on her as they developed this case and they have developed stuff back to 1968 . ” In fact , Forgey says that investigators believe she may be connected to the death of a young girl in Michigan in 1973 . She is also being eyed in another case out in Puerto Rico , where authorities are reviewing a number of missing children cases . “ We think there are additional victims that we may not know about , ” says Forgey . “ Obviously , a lot of these cases are very old , so we are hoping people start seeing this stuff being reported in the media and that it may bring people forward . ” Young was convicted of child abuse in 2001 after authorities said she bathed a 12-year-old girl in chemicals , severely burning the child ’s body . • For more compelling True Crime coverage , follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard . Young has not entered a plea to the current charge . She did waive extradition Monday , and will be returned to Alachua County in Florida as soon as possible . “ This all started with an email with a lot of this documented , that talked about the things that had been going on , and a lot of it was hard to believe , ” Forgey says . “ But detectives started digging into the substance of the email , and it snowballed , and they realized a lot of it was factual . ” Young has not hired a lawyer who could comment on her behalf . She is being held without bond .	Former ' Cult Leader ' Allegedly Killed Toddler in 1980s : ' We Think There Are More Victims '
Implementing an effective safety program is one of the best decisions a company can make . Not only does providing safety guidelines and programs showcase a company ’s commitment to its employees , this type of management also creates a great safety culture for all members of the team to benefit from . At D2K , we are committed to working safely , enabling motorists and pedestrians to share the road with each other and our workers . Here are a few useful tips and tricks in keeping your team members and employees committed to building a safe work environment.Keep the Conversation OpenThe first step in developing a safety culture in your workplace is openly talking to your employees and letting them know that your company values their safety.Talking about safety in the work place with your employees is crucial to ensuring a supportive work environment . If you care , they care , and knowing this makes everyone feel at ease . Keeping the conversation about safety open also fosters a healthy environment for constructive feedback . An employee who feels comfortable speaking out about a potential hazard at work is more likely to go out of their way to make things safer , both for themselves and their fellow team members , as a recent study confirms.At D2K , our employees are encouraged to come forth with their own concerns about safety , and bring ideas to the table about how we can improve safety on site . While out on the job , our management team works to keep our team safe by inspecting operations and identifying areas we could improve upon . This might include talking with crew members about safer driving , deploying safer traffic control devices , or providing safer access and egress from moving vehicles . Ultimately , ensuring that your team feels safe at all times saves time , money , and stress in both the short and long run.Provide Access to Educational Courses , Training , and MentorsTo help foster this open safety environment , your employees need the right tools to fit the job.Educational courses are one of the first steps in getting all of your employees certified and properly prepared for the job.In order to meet our own safety criteria at D2K , we put all of our crew members through rigorous training that meets the highest standards in the industry . All of our traffic safety crew members are trained as traffic control technicians by ATSSA standards . But it does n’t stop there ; as they gain experience , our traffic control agents must complete their training through written exams and additional training in order to become certified . This ensures that their activities on the road are performed with the best safety standards right from the start . Additionally , crew members that work in our railroad operations are further certified by RailSafe , an online training program required by our railroad customers . Furthermore , our subcontracted projects require that we strictly adhere to not only our own safety manual , which has been developed by safety experts and refined over years and years of our traffic safety experiences , but also to our customers ’ safety programs.In order to keep your employees motivated , it ’s a good idea to create a mentorship program that matches new employees with experienced and certified members of the team . A mentorship program can help boost confidence within the workplace , as well as give your new employees a direct contact if they should have any confusion or questions throughout the training process . The more you are able to help your team members rely on each other , both for safety education and general questions , the better.Safety Gear Must Meet Safety StandardsNot only should your employees meet safety certification standards ; their equipment and safety gear should , too ! All of D2K crew members are outfitted with ANSI specified personal protective equipment — such as high reflectivity safety vests with retroreflective material — enabling full visibility.As on many outdoor job sites , things can get messy . Every few weeks your workers and team should inspect all safety equipment for damage or wear . Gear should always be kept clean and in good condition in order to ensure maximum visibility , day or night.The vehicles your team uses should also be detectible . D2K works hard to ensure all trucks are outfitted with strobe and flashing lights as well as retroreflective vehicular conspicuity tape for maximum visibility to motorists and pedestrians . Back-up alarms and fluorescent orange sheeted signs on bed gates add further safety dimensions to our trucks — they are also equipped with wide step-bumpers to allow crew members easy access on and off the truck bed.Many of our operations also require a follow vehicle equipped with a TMA ( truck-mounted attenuator ) designed to absorb the impact of an errant motorist before that motorist encroaches upon our crew . In addition , our crew often include flaggers who assist in keeping traffic far enough away from our operations to ensure safety.Have a Safety Review RoutineMake sure your team spends time reviewing safety routines and topics relating to the day ’s project at the beginning of each operation . Topics could include safely slowing down traffic , adding more safety signs to the site , repositioning an arrow board to make it more visible to oncoming traffic , etc . Teams should also use this time to talk about safety related to the seasons — such as a reminder to stay hydrated in hot weather , and to stay warm in cold weather by dressing appropriately.Regardless of the work environment or business you work in , safety of your employees should always be the number one priority . After all , your workers are the basis of your business . Keeping communication lines open , providing education , and keeping all safety gear and equipment up to date , clean , and appropriate for the job are essential to creating the safest work environment possible — both on and off the road.Certifications and Associations represented by D2K.A few vehicles from the D2K Fleet .	How to Create a Business Culture Revolved Around Safety in the Traffic Control Industry
The Strokes have had an unbelievably successful career since releasing their first album Is This It in 2001 . Their fame and success eventually led to tension , which came in the form of solo projects by many of the band members , along with feelings amongst their fans that they may never write together again . These issues are clearly expressed in their track , “ Under Cover Of Darkness ” from their 2011 album Angles . “ Under Cover Of Darkness ” is commonly mistaken as being about someone joining the army , due to Julian Casablancas ’s unique singing , but I will demonstrate why this is n’t true . It is a metaphor for the “ war ” that was going on between the band members.The Strokes broke into the scene in 2001 with their album , Is This It , which went platinum in the United States , Sweden , Canada , Australia and double platinum in the United Kingdom . Is This It was followed by Room On Fire just two years later ( 2003 ) , which while not being held in as high regard as their first album , their track “ Reptilia ” from Room On Fire is one of their most recognizable songs . After the success of their first and second albums , The Strokes endured an extensive touring schedule which led to a hiatus from touring and writing as a group.According to the setlist wiki , setlist.fm , from 2005 – 2006 they played a total of 148 shows . This might not sound like a lot for two years , but considering their shows last 2 – 3 hours , and all the travel associated with playing in different countries , this would take a toll on anyone in that situation . They would n’t tour as a group again until 2010 with only 16 shows.One of Julian Casablancas ’s ( lead singer ) lines from “ Under Cover Of Darkness ” , “ I ’ve been saying we ’re beaten down , I wo n’t say it again ” , is referring to the effects of their extensive touring . The Strokes knew they were overworked , but put up with it for the love of their music and fans . This is also reflected in Casablancas ’s last lines , “ get up in the morning give it your all ” . The Strokes had done exactly that for two years , given it their all . They needed a break not just from their music , but from each other.Casablancas repeats the lines , “ I ’ll wait for you ” , “ I still call ” , “ I better call you ” , and “ I will call you ” . By him speaking in the first person , it feels like he ’s reaching out but not getting anything in return . Also , he is referring to his bandmates ’ side projects during their touring hiatus , and how he wanted the band back together . Albert Hammond Jr. , the rhythm guitarist , released two solo albums — Yours To Keep in 2006 and Como Te LLama in 2008 — with some help from lead guitarist Nick Valensi . Hammond ’s albums were very well received by audiences . While The Strokes ’ drummer , Fabrizio Moretti , joined up with Los Hermanos in 2006 to create the band , Little Joy . Moretti also started his own band Megapuss with Valenci in 2006 . Casablancas was happy for his friends ’ success outside of The Strokes , but he wanted the band back together . This is what he is expressing in these lines.The most painful lines to listen to are , “ So long , my friend an adversary ” and , “ So long , my adversary and friend ” . These lines are mentioning the disagreements they had amongst each other . What I found interesting is that “ friend ” is put before “ adversary ” twice . I take this as him acknowledging the tension between them , but insisting that they are friends first and that is what ’s important . The “ so long ” referring to his bandmates being too busy to write together , which did n’t help their internal conflicts , or as Casablancas put it , “ No house phones , but can I still call ? Will you wait for me now ? ” One of most emotion filled lines from this song has to be , “ I ’ve been out around this town everybody ’s singing the same song for ten years ” . This is referring to their hit songs from their first and second album — “ Last Night ” , “ Someday ” , “ Reptilia ” , “ Take It Or Leave It ” , and “ Barely Legal ” — which after a decade of playing these songs to please audiences left them wanting some different . If you just listen to Casablancas ’s vocals on this line he sounds extremely fed up with the situation . To me , it sounds like he ’s saying , “ Come on it ’s been ten years , let ’s play some new material . ” During their extensive touring from 2005 – 2006 , they only had their first two albums to pull material from . Playing 148 shows with only 22 songs to choose from sounds like it would get old fast , but fans wanted to hear the songs they knew and loved . These songs were monumental in putting The Strokes in the spotlight and each of these songs encapsulates The Strokes sound , but it is understandable you ’d want a change after a decade . ( maybe one more confirmation claim ? ) I know some avid fans of The Strokes , like myself , will think I ’m placing too much weight on Casablancas ’s word choice . If you listen to their discography you will hear how carefully chosen and descriptive Casablancas ’s lyrics are . Every song he writes generally has a much deeper meaning than what you hear on the surface . The order and timing in which he places his words is never an accident and is intended for maximum effect of the emotion he is displaying.Now as I mentioned earlier , “ Under Cover Of Darkness ” is commonly mistaken as being about war . It does n’t help that the phrase ‘ under cover of darkness ’ is usually referring to military strategy . To be honest , this is what I thought the song was about until I did some more digging . I mean the opening line , “ Slip back out of whack at your best , it ’s a nightmare , so I ’m joining the army ” definitely sets your mindset to someone joining the army . What I believe is that he is actually referencing himself being fed up with his bandmates not reconciling their differences . I feel like he is really saying , “ Why do n’t I just go join the army ? You guys are n’t doing anything to make me want to stay here ” . The line right after this one , “ We got the righteous advice to use it , got everything but you can just choose it , I wo n’t just be a puppet on a string ” can also be taken in a military sense , but I believe he is referring to the large following they have and the influence acquired through that . “ Got everything but you can just choose it , I wo n’t just be a puppet on a string ” to me , Casablancas is saying , “ We have this fan base we can use , rather than starting from the bottom again with our solo work . I do n’t want to be a ‘ puppet on a string ’ for record labels . ” He knew together as a group they could make their own decisions rather than a record label making decisions for them.The Strokes have definitely had up ’s and down ’s on their journey as a band , but what has never been down , is their cult following . They continue today to generally only play festivals because of the large crowds they produce . I feel that “ Under Cover Of Darkness ” was a type of therapy for them and their fans . They may have settled their differences privately , but them being musicians playing music is how they truly express their emotions . It was also a way of letting their fans know that everything is okay and that more music is on the way . As well as them telling themselves , we got through that rough patch , let ’s keep doing what we do best together . However you choose to interpret their music , you can not deny their talent and we should all be glad they were able to settle their differences and continue writing incredible music for the masses .	Out Stroked : How “ Under Cover Of Darkness ” by “ The Strokes ” Reflects On Their Personal Relationships
TEMPE , Ariz. ( CBSNewYork/AP ) — Herm Edwards talked about trains and conductors , Catholics and Devils , told stories and cracked jokes , his timbre rising and falling for emphasis during a nearly hour-long introductory news conference . No doubt , the man can win over a room . Arizona State is hoping he can win a few games , too . Edwards was introduced as the Sun Devils coach Monday , ushering in a new , unexpected era for the program with an impassioned news conference inside Sun Devil Stadium . “ I ’m on the train . I ’m on the train and I ’m going to ride this train until it stops — it ’s not going to stop , ” the former Jets coach said . “ We ’re going . We ’re going with you . And if you want to board a little bit later , we ’ve got a seat for you . Might not be comfortable , but you ’ll have a seat . ” Arizona State wanted to move quickly following the firing of Todd Graham after six seasons . When word came out this week that it would be Edwards , the former NFL coach and ESPN analyst , the reactions were quick and wide-ranging . Those in support of Edwards ’ hiring praised his passion , his ability to connect with recruits and their families , many repeating the key line from his famous rant as coach of the New York Jets : “ You play to win the game ! ” Those against Arizona State ’s decision pointed to the long gap in Edwards ’ coaching resume and his limited experience coaching at the college level . There also were calls of nepotism for Arizona State athletic director Ray Anderson , a former agent , hiring one of his former clients . Social media filled with GIFs and memes of trash bin fires and planes crashing . The criticism continued Sunday night when Arizona State , while announcing Edwards ’ hiring , also said it is restructuring its football program to be run more like an NFL team . None of it , the positive nor the negative , registered with the Sun Devils . They had their man , their plan and the only focus is turning Arizona State into a national power . “ ASU football is nobody ’s rebuild , ” Anderson said . “ We need to take the next step and I believe Herman Edwards can take us there . ” Edwards is certainly an interesting choice to lead the Sun Devils into the future , one Anderson and ASU President Michael Crow see as being better than being a middle of the pack Pac-12 team going to lower-tier bowls . An NFL defensive back for 10 seasons , Edwards spent two years coaching at San Jose State , his last season in 1989 . He coached eight seasons with the NFL ’s Jets and Kansas City Chiefs , going 54-74 , and was fired in 2008 after the Chiefs went 2-14 . Edwards has spent the past nine years working as an NFL analyst for ESPN , where loquaciousness served him well . Edwards was not looking for a return to coaching , but his longtime friend Anderson persuaded the 63-year-old to hang up his microphone — his last day at ESPN is Friday — and follow Arizona State ’s vision of a brighter future . “ You do n’t forget how to coach , ” Edwards said . “ I ca n’t play , but I will tell you , I got one hit left . But I ’m not here to play . I ’m here to build a program . I understand the importance of this game . I will work tirelessly . ” Edwards will do it under a new structure the Sun Devils are calling the “ New Leadership Model , ” which will be set up similarly to the NFL ’s general manager model . It will include sport and administrative divisions to manage the football program , with Anderson , Edwards and a group of staffers sharing resources and strategic planning to build toward the future . “ We ’re not happy with the way the model has worked over several coaching changes here at ASU , ” Crow said . “ In advancing this model , we needed to find a unique individual . I ’m excited about where we are . We ’re committed to driving toward higher and higher levels of excellence . ” There will be a learning curve , with recruiting possibly being the sharpest . Edwards has spent the past eight years coaching at the Under Armour All-American game , where he has worked with some of the nation ’s top high school recruits , and he has visited numerous top-tier college programs through the years . But as someone who has not had to operate under NCAA recruiting rules for 28 years , Edwards may have to lean heavily on Arizona State ’s support staff to make sure he does n’t cross any lines . “ I will do nothing to embarrass this university when it comes to rules , ” Edwards said . “ Sometimes you do n’t agree , but they are there for a reason . I ’m not going to embarrass my father ’s last name or this university . There ’s always rules in life . They ’re there for structure and that ’s important . ” ( © Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc . All Rights Reserved . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )	Herm Edwards Enthusiastically Takes The Reins At Arizona State
Well , its been a wild year with Bitcoin on a rampage , politics in turmoil , robots doing backflips and of course the marketing world is in a frenzy to catch lightning in a bottle.So , being in marketing on the digital side for the past 15 years , I thought it would be appropriate to throw my hat into the ring with what I think is going to dominate 2018 . What ’s a brand gon na do?Bots and AI : Next year you are going to hear about autonomous vehicles being used in vary interesting ways . But , perhaps more accessible , you will hear about ways in which you will be able to interact with them . Bots ( the robot kind ) and bots ( the chatty kind ) will also start to roll out in meaningful ways . From customer service to physical assistance and media production to the way in which software is written and the Internet is delivered and what jobs are available . Also see # 4 below.Implication for the agency and brand ? The agency will need to double down on technology and digital engagement to ensure the brand is seen as engaged , responsive as well as intelligent and consumable in ever fragmenting ways . This means multiple channels , but also multiple disciplines and marshalling a diverse set of internal resources to budget and activate . Marketing and Communications , as well as social media and advertising are rapidly becoming a sigularity .2 . We are LIVE and in color : By 2021 , 80 % of the world ’s Internet traffic with be video based . ( CISCO STUDY ) The user now expects a brand to cover the beat in which they claim to be a “ thought leader ” in . A brand can not expect the consumer to read an article in a magazine or see an ad on TV and make the decision to purchase based on a soundbite or a statistic or a celebrity . The story has to be told , and the the demanding beast will be VIDEO , requiring a supercharged content marketing effort well beyond an ad and a blog post . The video quality will be also more important than quantity . The cord cutting consumer is beginning to lose interest in being confronted with a barrage of content , but rather , they are gathering in small groups , or alone and seeking content that either enlightens , entertains or empowers in varied ways . A whopping 73 % of marketers say that video gets the best ROI , while the other 29 % cited the lack of an effective strategy as the reason they did n’t see a larger return . Think it through , craft the story , and do n’t forget , your distribution plan is going to be key . Just because you build it , does not mean they will come .3 . Growth Hacking : SEO will be a powerful force in getting more traction from search and from content . Technology is evolving the way in which people are searching and how they are consuming , which means a brand ( and their agency ) will need a strategy that not only drives discoverability , but also attracts qualified and targeted leads , who are further down the funnel of decision , with things that engage or interest them . This may be in the form of challenges and other games , as well as participatory elements in which people are rewarded for showing interest and taking action . Social media has a currency element that still goes untapped by many brands .4 . The mobile borders that are all around us : All your base are mine . Everywhere you go , you more than likely have a mobile device with you . We touch our phones more than we touch most other things , roughly 2,617 times per day . With this level of intimacy , a brand is crazy to ignore the potential for mobile engagement via geofencing , push notifications and other native and voice enabled content marketing efforts that allow addressable advertising to intersect consumer need with appropriate timing and with the right message . The other mobile notion that we need to be keenly aware of is that more increasingly , THE CALL IS COMING FROM WITHIN THE HOUSE ! Yes , Google home , Amazon Alexa and other smart devices are going to become normalized . We are going to be talking to our homes , our phones , our appliances and while they collect data , the brand is able to customize for AI-commerce in what it delivers back and even interject personality along the way . 67 million voice-assisted devices will be in use in the U.S. by 2019 . Yes , Virginia , voice will be huge in 2018.5 . Yup , Influencers : This is one of the core efforts of digital marketing today . But , there is a problem . The brand often wants a “ celebrity ” and the agency often wants to deliver “ big reach ” . Enter data , stage left . The size of the audience seems impressive , but when you get to the numbers , the influencer with less than 100k followers actually get 4x more engagement . The audience of these “ micro ” influencers expect much more niche content that is relevant to them , where they live . Not only what interests them , but also what this influencer recommends . 90 % of consumers trust peer recommendations . That huge celebrity with a million fans is n’t a peer , he/she is a paid endorser . People want authentic/transparent reviews , recommendations and reputation . Ad blocking tech is a also a factor here . If you want to get to mom in Kansas City , you ’d better be thinking of how she gets her messaging and who she listens to . She may LOVE { insert famous person } but that doesnt mean she trusts them to understand the products or services she needs for her family . On the other hand , a blogger who writes or shoots video about the best way to clean up around the house and the most effective products , has tremendous value . Especially when it comes time for a visit to Walmart or an order from # 4 above.Do you have some ideas about what ’s going to be big next year ? Let me hear it . These 5 are probably somewhere in the 100 or more that I ’ve been reading about . Its chaos out there . Brand and agency need to adapt if they want to be competitive in the always on world.Callahan Creek / Media Fragmentation over past 25 yearsTubular Insights Video Marketing SurveyMuscle &amp; Strength rewards consumers for their behavior and support	It ’s the end of the year as we know it . .
Tips &amp; Checklist type Articles can be good — very , very , good . But when they ’re bad — they ’re horrible!A gist of what good articles are doing well and what the not so good ones should stop doing . This can apply to — managers , teams , companies , creatives ! 1 . Bring New perspective . Show us a new angle on an old topic — never explored . Be refreshing — make us pause , ponder and feel .2 . Make it Relatable . When we read a personal experience , we read to the end . Because we want to know how it ends . If it worked for this person , it can work for us .3 . Do n’t always tell us what Research says . Somehow , somewhere , someone decided that people only believe things backed by 20 double blind studies . Ever notice research is always contradicting itself ! You do n’t know the funder ’s agenda . So cite it with caution . And really knock on it before you do .4 . Do n’t take yourself too Seriously . We are all going to die someday .5 . Do n’t be afraid of Judgment . Put your truth out there . People may write you off . Sometimes an idea that ’s brilliant stands alone because it ’s way ahead of its time . Say it anyways . There will always be people who get it — reach them .6 . Use Humour . It ’s the best way to handle sensitive topics . People forget to be offended . And they remember you . Check out this shot of dry Brit humour . It sets the bar ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjPMsjphCUU.7 . Be Visionary . Do n’t use cliché headlines — “ Still have FOMO ? ” Do n’t use lame lead-ins — “ The holidays are crazy enough and now your mother-in-law decides to visit ” — it ’s only making us stay at our current mentality . Elevate us — start with your hook .8 . Stay Positive . Do n’t talk to us like a bad parent . Sarcasm is a turn off . We know how it works — ‘ put others down so you can make yourself feel better ’ . Get us to act . Not hate you .9 . Tell us a Story — The once-upon-a-time kind . We want to hear where you were , who you were with , why you were there , what time of year it was when it happened to you . Keep it relevant . But do n’t ‘ scrooge ’ on detail — we want to live your life for a moment . That ’s why we read .10 . Be Original . Let us hear your voice . It ’s different ? Let it be . If you want to be heard . Your opinions , your quirks — make it your tone , your style .11 . Do n’t make it all about Achieving . ‘ How to use stress to become a high achiever ’ , ’10 tips for increased productivity ’ , ‘ 7 things that successful people do ’ . Do this . Do that . Keep doing . Do more ! Achieving and enjoying — too much of any one and they both disappear . Achieving is about a balance . Remind us of that .12 . Use New words . Do n’t keep saying ‘ leverage ’ , ‘ hack ’ , ‘ life-hack ’ — after about 5 times we ’re glossing over . “ Hack ” your own words ! Get our attention .13 . Keep it Real . Say it like it is . Do n’t manipulate our emotions . We know when it ’s happening . And we wo n’t come back .14 . Keep it Simple . Do n’t complicate it . Or make it harder than it is . “ Complex is competent . Genius is simple ” ~ Binny Gill .15 . Stay Conversational . Talk to us like a friend , over coffee . Or tea . It ’s enjoyable . We hang around longer that way .16 . Break It Up . If you ’ve got a lot to say — give it to us bite sized . Make it a series .17 . Be Vulnerable . Share your failures . We do n’t want to know if you ’re indomitable . But we need to know that you ’re one of us .18 . Do n’t try too hard . Advertisements give us our fill of perfection . We love it that you ’re a little rough around the edges . That ’s why we come to you — for character .19 . Focus . Let us listen to what you have to say . Buttressing your points with apt quotes is good ; links to other articles / videos , also good . But it is white noise . Let us hear , your music .20 . It ’s a Partnership . Sometimes you write for you — we read . Sometimes you write for us . That ’s the deal.Note to self — NOW DO THIS .	Tips & Checklist type Articles can be good — very , very , good . But when they ’re bad — they ’re horrible !
KANSAS CITY , Mo . ( AP ) — Former NBA player Kermit Washington has pleaded guilty to spending thousands of dollars donated to an African charity he organized on jewelry , vacations and other personal items.Washington , 66 , of Las Vegas , played for several NBA teams in the 1970s and 1980s and is best known for throwing a punch that fractured Houston Rockets player Rudy Tomjanovich 's face and left him unconscious during a 1977 game . Washington was playing for the Los Angeles Lakers at the time.Washington was scheduled to go to trial in federal court Monday in Kansas City , Missouri , but instead pleaded guilty Thursday to two counts of making a false statement in a tax return and one count of aggravated identity theft.Prosecutors accused Washington of using his position as representative of the National Basketball Players Association to refer professional athletes to Ronald Jack Mix , a Pro Football Hall of Famer and San Diego lawyer who specialized in workers ' compensation cases . Mix filed workers ' compensation cases for the athletes and then donated about $ 155,000 to Washington 's charity , The Sixth Man Foundation.In his plea , Washington admitted that he diverted that money to pay himself and for personal expenses . He also admitted that he did n't report that income to the charity on Project Contact Africa 's IRS filings for several years.Mix , 78 , pleaded guilty in May 2016 to filing a false tax return . He admitted he made donations ranging from $ 5,000 to $ 25,000 for referrals of athletes and then claimed those payments as charitable contributions on his individual tax returns from 2010 to 2013 . Washington also admitted that he accepted $ 82,025 in contributions to his charity from Reza Davachi , 43 , of Damascus , Maryland , which he also diverted for his personal use.The investigation into Washington arose from an earlier Kansas City-based federal investigation into pirated software that involved Davachi and several other people and became one of the largest software piracy schemes ever prosecuted by the U.S. Department of Justice . The defendants in that case were accused of paying Washington to allow them to sell items through Project Contact Africa 's website , saving them money in fees that would have been owed to PayPal and eBay if the items were not sold through a charity . The waived fees cost eBay/PayPal about $ 908,000 . Davachi pleaded guilty in October 2015 to his role in the scheme.Washington also admitted that used the identity of another person in numerous state and federal filings on behalf of the charity to perpetuate the fraud.A co-defendant , Patricia Harris , 65 , of Las Vegas , pleaded guilty Thursday in federal court in Kansas City to making false declarations before a grand jury . She admitted she co-authored false minutes for purported meetings of the charity 's board of directors meetings in 2012 , 2013 , 2014 and 2015 that never occurred.Washington and Harris are among 11 defendants who have pleaded guilty in the related cases arising from the software piracy conspiracy and charity fraud scheme.No sentencing date has been set for Washington .	Ex-NBA player Kermit Washington pleads guilty in fraud case
# 2 Paris Women in Machine Learning &amp; Data Science Meet-Up : Music and ultra-efficient algorithms!We were about 55 people for the second Paris WiMLDS Meet-Up hosted by Arolla in central Paris , not far away from Le Louvre . This time , we started with a few announcements.First , we reminded that we have an active Twitter account to share content with the #WiMLDSParis and an email address to keep in touch ( paris@wimlds.org ) . In addition , we now have a calendar and a Google spreadsheet for speakers or hosts to be able to volunteer.Secondly , we were happy to announce that we will be the Paris ambassadors of the Women in Data Science Conference organized by Stanford in partnership with the Paris Data Ladies Meet-Up . Together , we are currently working on a special event which will take place on the 8th of March 2018 . Stay tuned!Networking time after the presentations and the panel discussionAs Paris ambassadors , we will organize an event in Paris on the 8th of March 2018Very quickly , we started the presentations . Once again , we kept the format of two talks : one from industry and one from academia . The first presentation was about Understanding music with Machine Learning by Jimena Royo-Letelier , Research Scientist at Deezer.The second presentation was from Tatiana Starikovskaya , Assistant Professor at ENS. She described in a very pedagogical manner Ultra-efficient algorithms for testing well-parenthesised expressions.Here are the slides of these two presentations : Right after the presentations , we switched to a panel discussion on the topic “ Challenges of being a woman in tech ” . We had three panelists : Elifsu Sabuncu , Co-founder of the Deuxième Labo.Moojan Asghari , Co-founder of Startup Sesame , Initiator of Women_in_AI , Founder of Silkroadstartup.Romain Lerallut , R&amp;D Engineering Director @CriteoEng , Co-founding member of @RecSysFR , who wrote “ Why I care about diversity ” shared by @Code_LikeAGirl . They all gave us their opinions on why we need a culture of diversity and why we do n’t have enough women in tech . Actually , this is not the case in all the countries . It definitely depends on the culture . For example , Moojan pointed out that in Iran , 70 % of science and engineering students are women ( see this article for more details ) . It has been seen multiple times . Women are underestimating their skills more than men . In a study , it has been reported that women wait to have 100 % of the skills required on a job position , compared to men that wait to have only 60 % of it . Of course , the society has a huge impact on career choices.During this panel , the audience was active in the discussion and pointed some interesting references.For instance , one of the paneliSts , Romain Lerallut , pointed out the Facebook training on Unconscious Biases wich highlights insights solutions we can have in mind.At the end of the discussion , Sarah Hosking , from the RLadiesParis shared a strong message : “ When in doubt , Act ” . We need to get out there , speak at conferences and try things . She really enjoyed reading The Confidence Code by Katty Kay and Claire Shipman and that ’s what she kept in mind afterwards.With such a powerful and vivid message , we wrapped-up the session and enjoyed some drinks and snacks provided by Arolla.Thank you all for this event . We enjoy seeing familiar faces coming back and new ones coming to learn more about Machine Learning and Data Science . We ca n’t wait to see you on the 25th of January 2018 for the third edition — stay tuned!From left to right , Moojan Asghari , Elifsu Sabuncu and Romain Lerallut .	# 2 Paris Women in Machine Learning & Data Science Meet-Up : Music and ultra-efficient algorithms !
Agile project management has seen a significant increase in adoption over the last few years . Originally gaining popularity among software engineers in the early 2000s , Agile is starting to find its way into other industries . As Agile moves beyond the domain of software and IT companies , new approaches are needed to ensure a successful outcome.The Rise of the Agile OrganizationIt ’s important to recognize that “ software Agile ” is n’t the same as “ Agile for everyone else . ” The primary reason is that early Agile teams were comprised of software engineers , mostly at product companies . They were usually building one thing , for one client — themselves.More recent implementations of Agile are among professional services and other non-software/IT businesses . They are more likely to adopt Agile principles company-wide , as opposed to having a collection of siloed Agile teams within a larger non-Agile company . These innovative companies require a different approach to Agile than their software/IT team counterparts.The Productivity StackAgile purists often talk about how Agile espouses “ people and interactions over process and tools . ” But it ’s important to recognize that Agile teams absolutely ( should ) have a process , and tools do matter . To be fair , these same purists are n’t saying that process and tools have no place in Agile , just that they are not emphasized in the same way as they are within a traditional “ waterfall ” team.But , when an entire organization seeks to become Agile , new emphasis should be placed on having the right tools . And , ( contrary to what some people advocate ) it ’s important that everyone uses the same tools . Unfortunately , many organizations have found themselves using so many different tools that it often hinders growth , prevents the ability to optimize operations , and reduces the ability to gain useful company-wide insights.Over the last several years there has been an explosion of web-based productivity applications . Organizations have quickly found themselves with such a large number of different applications that it has become problematic . Relying on too many applications presents the following challenges : It ’s difficult to find informationData is disconnected and often redundantDifferent teams have different “ sources of truth ” No whole company visibilityNumber 3 is especially important . One of the core benefits of becoming Agile is increased flexibility and adaptability . To achieve this , everyone should have access to the same real-time information , which can be used to make timely , and informed decisions . Having a fragmented collection of siloed web applications makes this very difficult . The Agile organization of the future will be unified on one common platform , giving everyone access to the same real-time information . This is precisely why we built Ravetree.It ’s amazing what becomes possible when everyone is organized and connected in one place . Agile work management ® has the potential to unify organizations in the same way that social networks unify people . In fact , some social networks have attempted to apply their model in a business setting . But this approach has n’t worked , largely because social networks are disconnected from important business data located in the company CRM , project management tools , and other sources.Who Benefits the Most?Almost any type of organization , including non-profits , education , and government , can benefit from taking an Agile approach . But the professional services industry is likely to see the most benefit from Agile . Let ’s see why.Professional service businesses , such as engineering firms , marketing agencies , and law firms often juggle numerous projects at the same time . It ’s critical for these businesses to have easy access to all of their information . Otherwise , valuable time is wasted searching for information — time that could be used to take on more clients and increase profits.It ’s also important to eliminate ambiguity about where information is stored , and how it should be organized.It ’s not uncommon for a typical professional service business to have separate applications for : task management , time tracking , resource planning , digital asset management , expense tracking , and invoicing . Agile or not , each one of these tools is critical for how they operate . An efficient work management solution , such as Ravetree , combines all of this functionality in one place and increases the likelihood of success.RetrospectiveMaybe it ’s too soon for a retrospective , but the successes seen so far by organizations who have “ gone Agile ” is encouraging to those who want to see the Agile community grow . Everything from event planning to venture capital firms have successfully embraced Agile and there appears to be increased momentum as Agile continues to permeate through the business world . There ’s no doubt that Agile leads to more successful outcomes when compared to traditional approaches , and it will be exciting to see how Agile evolves in the years to come .	What is Agile Work Management ?
LIVE Saskatoon More Streams The City of Regina is looking at raising cemetery fees over the next two years . In a report headed to the city 's finance committee later this week , the administration is asking for a four per cent increase in 2018 and a 3.5 per cent increase in 2019 . That would mean that a standard cemetery plot would increase from $ 1,575 to $ 1,640 next year and $ 1,695 in 2019 . The report said crumbling infrastructure , as well as increased labour and equipment costs mean the increase is necessary . " Limited funding has been allocated to repair and restore existing assets and infrastructure such as roads , irrigation systems , turf and trees , " read the report . " It is vital that the aging infrastructure be addressed as much of it is beyond replacement lifecycle . " According to city documents , Regina license fees would still be some of the lowest in the Prairies , even after the increase . In Calgary , fees range from $ 2,900 to $ 3,100 . In Edmonton , fees can reach as high as $ 4,900 . The city said the number of people buried in the cemeteries has stayed relatively steady in the last several years , at an average of 600 interments . Administration said that means there 's less opportunity for increased revenue without raising fees and charges . Last month , Saskatoon City Council voted to increase its cemetery fees by five per cent . Councillors will debate the issue at a meeting on Tuesday .	Crumbling roads , irrigation systems mean Regina cemetery fees could be on rise
Shut down your Shutterfly account , ghost your mail carrier and save your stationery for next year , because the Kardashian Christmas card is coming . The reality TV family is famous for many things , of course , but our personal favorites are the gloriously extra holiday cards they release almost every year featuring their ever-expanding brood . After taking a hard pass on 2016 ( same , TBH ) , the KarJenners are getting into the spirit once again . This time around , Kim Kardashian is taking charge by releasing one piece of the photo at a time , like some advent calendar with gooey celebrity filling . Photographer Eli Linnetz kicked the reveals off with an image of Saint West playing among a pile of wrapped presents . Adorable photos of Reign Disick and North West debuted in the following days . Kim herself made an appearance on the fourth day of KarJenner Christmas , posting a photo on Monday with her daughter . In the photo , the two are wearing matching white tank tops and acid-washed ripped jeans . Apparently , the theme this year is ’90s Gap commercial realness , and we ’re totally here for it . During an appearance on “ The Late Late Show ” in November , Kim revealed that this season the family is adopting a more casual approach to the tradition . “ This year ’s Christmas card is shot really casually . We ’re kind of doing jeans and T-shirts vibe . Really cute . All the kids are so hard to put together , ” the beauty mogul said . “ It ’s women and children this year . ” Ugh , we miss the matching leather motorcycle jackets and that famous Kris Jenner staircase already . Take a look at some of the best moments of Kardashian Christmas cards of years part below . 2015 2013 2012 2011 2010 2010 2007 2006 1995 1995 Early 90s Early 90s	Kim Kardashian Unveils Family Christmas Card Piece By Adorable Piece
Following a scorcher weekend , businesses at the top of Trafalgar St are singing the praises of Nelson 's new summer square . The idea of closing upper Trafalgar St to traffic has been bandied about for years but this year the council , with the support of businesses , agreed to trial the pedestrian zone . The trial began on December 1 and runs until March 31 . The council allowed $ 80,000 for the closure , which included a one-off investment to get things up and running , as well as the extension of liquor licences . Some of the furnishings and equipment could be used for other projects when the trial has concluded . Cod &amp; Lobster 's Nick Widley said the first weekend could n't have gone better and he 'd been " blown away " by people 's enthusiasm for the space . READ MORE : " It was just unbelievable , it was just so nice to see everybody kind of embrace the closure and the nice community feel up here , " he said . He said it had been a " brilliant " start to the summer season in Nelson . " We had a live band on Friday night and a DJ on Saturday night and with Harry 's next door we 're going to be doing Friday and Saturday night music right throughout the whole summer , and we 're looking at Thursday nights and an acoustic Sunday afternoon because it was so good . " Widley said the CBD buzz had n't just been confined to the traffic-free section of Trafalgar , it had extended to businesses on Hardy St. " You could n't move on Friday night . " Harry 's owner Harry Morris said on the whole the weekend had been fantastic and even better than he 'd anticipated . He said they 'd had a " good crowd " at the top of Trafalgar St on Friday and Saturday nights . " People seemed to be wondering through until quite late and the activity went on later than it has in the past , " he said . Morris said the good weather had played a role and as long as that continued through summer , he expected continued success for the pedestrian square . Over at Burger Culture , staff observed it had been a " lot busier " than previous weekends . " It just looks really nice , " said duty manager Harry Stevens . " It was always really pumping , especially with the sun out . " He said everyone seemed to have enjoyed it and it had been busy throughout the whole weekend , but Friday night and Sunday during the day had been the peak times . Tony Vining from Bayley 's Real Estate said the traffic-free zone was " so far , so good " . " We were open Saturday morning and the vibe was actually fantastic , " he said . " There were a lot of people around . " He said the closure was never going to be as beneficial for a realtor as for hospitality businesses , but his impression so far had been positive . " As long as we can maintain some activity , it will be great over summer . But the minute it goes a bit cold , is it going to be the same ? Probably not . " But so long as the sun kept shining , Vining was happy and gave " full marks " to those who 'd worked to pull it off and create something positive for the CBD . Simon Duffy at Uniquely Nelson said his own polling of tourists and locals using the space , and city businesses , had resulted in only positive comments . " It was a huge weekend , " he said . On Sunday , the city also played host to the Santa Parade followed by a Christmas party in Morrison Square . Councillor Matt Lawrey , who campaigned for the pedestrian square , said it was " a beautiful thing " to see upper Trafalgar St transformed and it looked prettier than he 'd anticipated . " I think Nelmac 's done a great job , I think the planters are some of the most lovely looking planter boxes I 've ever seen , " he said . " The feedback I 've had so far has been sensational and I really hope that everyone understands that it 's a place for everyone and there 's seating down there that is available for anyone to use . "	Traffic-free Trafalgar St off to a strong summer start
Lawmakers have made progress on the tax reform President Trump has been pushing for all year , and although they have n’t passed anything yet , some stocks are already benefiting from the 2018 tax reform bill . Other stocks are taking a hit from it , so most are moving in one way or the other , except like in the case of Apple stock , which is holding somewhat heavy thanks to news headlines about the iPhone X. Retail , financial stocks rally on 2018 tax reform bill proposals The Senate ’s version of the 2018 tax bill overhauls the nation ’s tax code and slashes the highest corporate tax rate to 20 % from 35 % . However , the Senate ’s version of the bill will have to be reconciled with the House version before it can be sent to Trump for a signature . Because the bill deals with U.S. taxes , it stands to reason that companies which earn most or all of their revenue in the U.S. will benefit the most . As Barron ’s notes , this generally includes small caps , health insurers and donestic airlines . One of the biggest beneficiaries from the 2018 tax reform bill is expected to be retail , as companies in the subsector tend to pay the most in taxes versus other companies in the S&amp;P 500 . Credit Suisse pegs the retail group ’s effective tax rate at 35 % , putting it just ahead of telecom at 33.7 % and industry services at 32.5 % . Banks and other financial firms are also expected to benefit from tax reform , and financial stocks have by rallying recently . JPMorgan Chase , Wells Fargo and Citigroup each rose by about 2 % or more on Monday as financial stocks reached a 10-year high and were the top gainers . Reuters reports that many fund managers are targeting “ buyback ” stocks , or companies whose management has said they plan to use any tax savings they see to buy back shares . Goldman Sachs estimates a $ 75 billion increase in share repurchases next year if the House version of the 2018 tax reform bill passes . Technology stocks hit hard by 2018 tax reform bill proposals Multinationals are expected to benefit the least from tax reform , although there is one big area that would make them beneficiaries , and that would be a cut to the repatriation rate . Microsoft , Apple and Alphabet are among the firms with significant holdings overseas , although many technology firms keep most of their cash outside the U.S. for tax reasons . The Senate version of the bill includes a one-time tax repatriation holiday with a 14.5 % tax rate for overseas cash brought home . Additionally , JPMorgan analyst Dubravko Lakos-Bujas warned in a note on Monday that momentum stocks will become much riskier as expected gains from the 2018 tax reform bill are priced in . Most technology stocks slipped on Monday , with Facebook stock down nearly 2 % , Microsoft off by almost 4 % and Netflix down by more than 1 % . Amazon stock was down by about 2 % , and Alphabet declined by more than 1 % . Chip makers and software developers were hit the hardest by the selloff from the 2018 tax reform bill . AMD stock tumbled by more than 6 % , while fellow high flyer NVIDIA was off by more than 5 % . Macquarie analyst Srini Pajjuri said in a note on Monday that semiconductor firms will likely see limited impact from tax reform . In fiscal 2017 , the median tax rate in the firm ’s semiconductor sample was only 11 % . Symantec , Adobe Systems , Microsoft , Salesforce , Activision Blizzard and Electronic Arts also slid on Monday .	These Stocks Are Already Benefiting From 2018 Tax Reform Bill
Online Program Management ( OPMs ) design , run and market online education programs for institutions , typically in a revenue or profit share arrangement . In today ’s competitive higher education market , more schools are turning to online education to meet student expectations , enhance the student experience and provide alternate paths to new markets , revenue and growth.There ’s no doubt that OPM-University partnerships have delivered many benefits for both parties over the years , especially for institutions who ’ve struggled to take the ‘ online leap ’ alone.The appeal of OPMs is two-fold . First , they provide services that historically lay outside the competency of traditional universities ( who are geared towards face-to-face education ) . Second , OPMs typically bear the upfront costs of setting up the program . For institutions , this represents the opportunity to create a new revenue stream at limited cost to themselves.Five companies reportedly control about half of the $ 1.1 billion OPM market in the US : 2U , Academic Partnerships , Bisk , Pearson Embanet and Wiley Education Solutions.However , as online and blended learning becomes more integrated into the standard university delivery model and student experience , is there a danger that institutions are outsourcing future core core capabilities?All OPM ’s are not the same . Recent research has identified a range of different OPM models developing as the market matures and as institutions become more targeted in their product and market development strategies.Differentiation in the market . OPMs differ across dimensions such as business model , range of services and scope of programs they deliver . For example , 2U focuses on US-based graduate programs , principally works with ‘ brand-name ’ universities , and offers small class sizes , often with a ‘ hybrid ’ model ( for instance , sourcing practical placements for degrees in nursing and social work ) . Recently , 2U diversified into short courses with the acquisition of South Africa-based GetSmarter.New competitors entering . The OPM industry is a fast growing space with new entrants launching around the world almost every week . MOOC providers such as Coursera and FutureLearn are also expanding into this space , partnering with universities to offer online degrees.Evolving business models . OPMs almost always operate on a tuition-splitting basis , but a new OPM model is emerging , based on a flat fee for services . Examples include Noodle.Case study : Orbis EducationOrbis Education works with academic and healthcare partners to provide hybrid courses combining online , face-to-face , and experiential learning . For academic partners , Orbis can provide off-campus training facilities , assistance with online course design , online prerequisite courses , and clinical training opportunities . For healthcare providers , Orbis advertises the benefit of gaining access to a talent pipeline that is already familiar with the organisation.In next week ’s Deep Dive , we investigate innovations in Student Management Systems .	OPMs — Sensible university partnership model or outsourcing of core capability ?
Local street artists discuss the complicated relationship between art and gentrification , exploring how the city can protect Boston ’s vulnerable communities from developers.Street art can bring life and vitality to neglected urban environments and has become a familiar characteristic of gentrification . However , the relationship between art and neighborhood regeneration is complex : when does public art serve communities and when does it lead to their displacement?Within Boston , areas of Dorchester , Roxbury and South Boston are among those that have gentrified , with more of the city ’s neighborhoods expected to undergo the same transformation during the next few years , according to this analysis of Boston census data.A walk through the South End , where condominiums are constantly under construction , or through Seaport , where developers have started building a 414-unit apartment building on Congress Street , tells the same story.Public art , murals and sculptures , can have a positive impact on communities , bringing residents together , creating conversation and giving areas an identity that was previously underappreciated or undefined.Douglas ’s recent mural in South Peabody , which he says portrays “ grandmothers and children that are often under represented in communities . ” Credit : Cedric Douglas.Cedric “ Vise 1 ” Douglas , a local artist and founder of community art lab , the Up Truck , in Uphams Corner , says “ public art has the power to unify and bring people together . ” This is what he hopes his latest project in Newmarket , a collaboration with fellow artist Julia “ Julz ” Roth , will do.Aside from colorful murals , another common aspect of gentrification is raised rents . If developers adopt street art , either with altruistic motives or as a marketing tactic , it can make the area appear safer and more desirable . But , if rents start to increase as a result of these improvements , residents who are unable to pay are forced to move away from their communities . When the positive intentions behind public art are lost , Douglas argues , it becomes a “ double-edged sword . ” A collaboration with artist Daniel Anguilu , on Parker Street near Northeastern University . Credit : Google Earth , Cedric Douglas.Julie Burros , chief of arts and culture for Boston , is adamant that “ public art absolutely does not cause gentrification , ” and Douglas and Roth would , in large part , agree with her.It may not be intentional , as Roth sympathically explains that “ there ’s something to be said for cities and developers , that ’s their job , ” believing that a city should grow and evolve over time . On the other hand , both artists believe that “ there ’s also something to be said for communities , ” suggesting that while art does not necessarily cause gentrificiation , it can be an unitended side effect.In order to stop residents being priced out of their neighborhoods , Boston needs to put in place policies that protect communitites and promotes home ownership , say Douglas and Roth . “ We wo n’t find solutions unless we ask why people do n’t own their own homes and why the streets are n’t taken care of , ” argues Roth.Find out more about their thoughts and experiences and hear from a Newmarket resident , who has witnessed first-hand the affects of gentrification on property prices , in this short video : Douglas and Roth are currently painting the side of an abandoned junkyard in Newmarket , recently bought by South Bay developers , who are endeavouring to preserve the positive relationship between communities and street art by employing local artists .	Can Art Cause Gentrification ?
… confessions of an eternal optimist.I ’ve been accused of being unrealistic . That ’s okay . I tell people my reality is more fun than theirs and it ’s true . Working in the prison with really hardcore inmates attracted scorn from the officers who told me I was completely off the planet . I pointed out that if the prisoners met a quarter of my expectations , they ’d exceed the officers ’ expectations by a millennial mile . I got to prove the officers wrong and the inmates proved they could do more than anyone ( except me ) expected . While the other staff were using excessive sick leave , I was looking forward to my next visit to the cells . While everyone else was complaining about the conditions , I was finding ways to make small improvements that made a huge difference.Don ’ t get me wrong , it was n’t easy and it is n’t easy being Pollyanna but it ’s way better than being Eeyore ! Check the photo I ’ve added . I think it ’s cool because I love bubbles , but my partner hates it because it reminds him of spit . Too bad I took it on his phone ! Too bad I ’m making an art series out of the “ spit bubbles ” ! Too absolutely-crackingly-bad hundreds of people are going to see the bad as bubbles off his phone ! ! I ’m half a hundred and I still like blowing bubbles and chasing rainbows and making wishes on dandelion clocks . I still believe the best of people despite daily headlines heralding the end of the world , shootings , nuclear threats , road rage , insane diets that will kill even a ruminant rabid dog with slow and agonising deliberation . I ’m still here in the here and now and I eat what I want , the person who tried to shoot me missed , my car only has a dent from a shopping trolley and if I stood beside him I could look down in Kim from Korea.I ’ve probably had more disasters than a dictionary but most of them have led to a great recovery . Things I do n’t recover from easily , I do n’t do any more but I ’m glad I got to try them at least once . I ’m not eternal ( thankfully since gravity is taking its toll ! ) and I ’m not even optimal any more but then , I do n’t know that I ever was or would want to be . I ’m just generally fine to be me ; open to suggestions for change and free to disregard the whole damn lot if I like.I probably do n’t take life as seriously as I should . The year before last I got a birthday card with Winnie the Pooh on it and the one crossed out with 53rd written in . I gave it back so they could use the same card again the next year ! This year there were no numbers on my cards but one had a woman with wings and the other had someone floating flowers on the water and a message about embracing new horizons . 54 but wait there ’s more … The only thing I am serious about is silliness — good , old-fashioned and never out of style silliness . Fun with a capital “ F ” because that ’s what friends start with and frivolity and fluffy kittens and flying eagles . I went to visit a friend the other day at the same time as another friend because she needed inspiration for dress-ups . The visited friend had a fabulous collection from every era since her parents ( yes , her dad ’s cummerbund and her mother ’s bed-jacket ) got dressed for success.We went through suitcases that smelled of mothballs and were filled with shiny memories . Scarves and shawls , she wore the bed-jacket out on dates when she was a cool teen , shoes and buttons and lace . The visiting friend went away well prepared to revisit the Victorian age in style . She ’d already won an event in an art deco outfit and was happily investing all her time and energy in this new effort . My kind of girl — even though she ’s a decade olderish . I have , in the company of such friends , so much to look forward to and I love their looking back.The best thing about bubbles is their ephemeral nature , you have to enjoy them while they are there . The thing about life , grabbing it with both hands , with bells on , is that it can be about the journey and you can wander in circles and dress it up however you like . Victoriana , art deco , mediaeval like my favourite music , futurist — plans and dreams I can build , you can burst , we can laugh about today , tomorrow and yesterday . Buy some bubbles , blow them in a business meeting . Watch what they reflect . I ’d join you but I have a date with a dandelion clock .	If you burst my bubble , I ’ll just blow more . .
After a fruitless few seasons as their aging core finally crumbled , the Detroit Tigers are in full rebuild mode . The team is playing not for this season , or the seasons to follow , but for far down the road . Expect them to hoard prospects accordingly and sign low-level free agents to bridge the gap . Anthony Fenech of the Detroit Free Press takes an inside look at the team . ( * Prospect ) . Catcher James McCann is projected to be the Tigers ’ starting catcher in 2018 , though he is expected to garner interest on the trade market . McCann finished 2017 with a strong second half but needs to continue improving his pitch framing skills . John Hicks , who was solid last season , is slated to back up McCann . Depth chart : McCann , Hicks , * Grayson Greiner First base Miguel Cabrera once again will carry the load , assuming full health . Last season , Cabrera posted career-low numbers on offense while dealing with back issues throughout . The Tigers do n’t have much insurance behind Cabrera in the form of a backup first baseman , which could be a priority since the team wants to get Cabrera off his feet more next season . Hicks spent time there last season and looks like the first option . Depth chart : Cabrera , Hicks , Jeimer Candelario Second base Ian Kinsler is widely believed to be on the trade block and likely will be dealt this offseason . His replacement depends on what the team does elsewhere up the middle : If Jose Iglesias returns , Dixon Machado will get his first crack at an everyday role . If Iglesias is moved , Machado would play shortstop and the team would need to find a second baseman . Depth chart : Ian Kinsler , Dixon Machado , * Dawel Lugo Third base Candelario was extremely impressive in his first month after coming over from the Chicago Cubs in a trade-deadline deal . Given his youth , ability and team control , Candelario could be the most untouchable player . He did not appear to be overmatched at the major league level . Nick Castellanos , a third baseman by trade , will be moved to right field but could see intermittent time at third . Depth chart : Candelario , Castellanos , * Lugo Shortstop Iglesias seems a safe bet to return in 2018 . The Tigers have tried to move him , and his price will increase in his third year of arbitration eligibility . In case they are able to move Iglesias , Machado would move to shortstop . Iglesias remains one of the best defenders at shortstop in the majors and showed some improvement at the plate in 2017 . Depth chart : Iglesias , Machado Left field Mikie Mahtook proved to be a prescient under-the-radar pickup late last offseason and is slated to start in left field . Mahtook was a positive player for the Tigers in 2017 and could take another step after his longest look at the major league level . With a lack of depth in the outfield , look for the Tigers to add a flexible veteran in free agency . Depth chart : Mikie Mahtook , * Mike Gerber Center field JaCoby Jones struggled offensively once again in 2017 but showed that he is an upper-echelon defender in the outfield . Jones has tons of athleticism and serves an important role at spacious Comerica Park . Given the team ’s current rebuilding , they likely will let Jones take a lot of lumps offensively for their best look at him in a full-time role . Mahtook has plenty of experience in center field , as well . Depth chart : Jones , Mahtook Right field Castellanos transitioned to right field late in the season and is slated to open next season there . He ’s an exceptional hitter and will hit in the middle of the order . Defensively , he did not look great in right . But after an offseason to work on the position , he could improve . He has added physicality to his game . Waiting in the minors is Christin Stewart . Depth chart : Castellanos , Mahtook , * Stewart Designated hitter Victor Martinez is expected to return after heart ablation surgery in late September , and he should serve as the everyday designated hitter again . Martinez has declined but will give the Tigers an important left-handed bat . He can be a big benefit for their young players . Depth chart : Martinez , * Stewart Rotation The days of the Tigers having a star-studded rotation are long gone . They will rely heavily on right-hander Michael Fulmer to bounce back from elbow nerve transposition surgery . At full health , Fulmer is a front-line pitcher . Behind him is Jordan Zimmermann , who has struggled to live up to his five-year , $ 110 million contract . Zimmermann has dealt with neck issues , which the team could treat with injections . Lefties Matt Boyd and Daniel Norris will take up two places in the starting rotation . Boyd showed improvement in 2017 and Norris still has upside , but both are unproven . The Tigers will count on them for serious innings . The team is looking to sign a starting pitcher or two in free agency . Buck Farmer ’s role remains in limbo , and the team lacks dependable starting pitching outside of the shaky top four . The team plans to sign minor league free agents , looking for diamonds in the rough . Depth chart : RHP Fulmer , RHP Zimmermann , LHP Boyd , LHP Norris , RHP Farmer , * LHP Chad Bell , * RHP Artie Lewicki Bullpen The team is equally as thin in the bullpen . Only three names can be penciled in : closer Shane Greene , setup man Alex Wilson and left-hander Daniel Stumpf . Greene was solid in his two months as closer . Wilson regressed after two solid seasons and is rehabilitating from a broken leg . Stumpf , a Rule 5 draft find , profiles as the top lefty . Filling out the bullpen are good bets in righties Warwick Saupold and Joe Jimenez . Once a top relief prospect , Jimenez struggled in his rookie season but could get plenty of experience in 2018 . Drew VerHagen and Blaine Hardy will be relied upon , but neither offers too much upside and Bruce Rondon remains the biggest wild card . Rondon has fallen out of favor but has the kind of potential that could be attractive on the trade market . As a second-year arbitration eligible player , there is a chance he is non-tendered . Look for the team to sign minor leaguers and use the Rule 5 draft again to find bullpen options . Depth chart : RHP Wilson , LHP Stumpf , RHP Saupold , RHP Jimenez , LHP Hardy , RHP VerHagen , RHP Rondon Top 5 prospects Excerpted from BaseballHQ.com ’s 2017 Minor League Baseball Analyst . To order : http://www.baseballhq.com/minor-league-baseball-analyst 1 . Franklin Perez , RHP : The athletic Perez , 19 , has a plus fastball that he commands to both sides . With a hard curveball and a changeup , Perez held opponents to a .220 batting average . He has pitched 153 innings since 2016 but has the frame to hold velocity deep into games . He ’ll likely return to Class AA . 2 . Alex Faedo , RHP : The 6-5 22-year-old did n’t play after signing in 2017 . He has two plus offerings : a sinking fastball with excellent life , and a potentially elite slider that has velocity and break . He throws strikes with consistent movement . He should begin in Class A. 3 . Matt Manning , RHP : Manning is a long 19-year-old who gets quality extension and peppers the zone with a lively fastball . He mixes in a curve , but the delivery can be inconsistent . Manning ( 62 strikeouts in 51 innings ) should have three plus pitches at maturity , but he ’s a few years out . 4 . Beau Burrows , RHP : Burrows , 21 , is strong and durable and dominated Class A ( 62 strikeouts , 1.23 ERA in 582/3 innings ) before promotion to Class AA in June . His high-velocity fastball can be a true out pitch , but he needs to upgrade command . Burrows has a hard curveball with consistent break that could be plus . 5 . Christin Stewart , OF : Stewart , 23 , is a strong outfielder who led the Eastern League in home runs ( 28 ) and strikeouts ( 138 ) . He reads pitches well and works deep counts . A poor defender with below-average arm and speed , he could be an ideal designated hitter . -- Jeremy Deloney Gallery : Top 2017-18 MLB free agents	Tigers offseason report : Long-term rebuild is in the works
These players saw their fantasy values increase or decrease most based on their performances in Week 13 : SizzlersRB Rex Burkhead , New England Patriots : It took a few games but the Patriots have settled on Burkhead as their go-to back near the goal line . As we saw with LeGarrette Blount last season ( and Mike Gillislee in Week 1 ) , the Pats are deadly in the red zone , and anyone who gets those touches is fantasy gold.RB Kenyan Drake , Miami Dolphins : It may be more a factor of a deteroirating Denver Broncos defense , but Drake took advantage of Damien Williams ’ injury to rack up 141 total yards and a touchdown in the bellcow role.QB Alex Smith , Kansas City Chiefs : Smith put an end to calls for a quarterback change with 366 yards passing and four touchdowns , adding a 70-yard scamper to cement a productive fantasy day . Perhaps most importantly , he did not throw an interception after tossing at least one in each of his last three games.RB Marshawn Lynch , Oakland Raiders : After consecutive weeks of positive production , Lynch has worked his way back into the fantasy starter discussion yet again . Might the Raiders have had this plan to try and keep him fresh for the stretch run all along?RB Alfred Morris , Dallas Cowboys : Instead of changing things because Ezekiel Elliott was n't running the ball , the Cowboys offensive line got back to some good old-fashioned run blocking . Morris responded with 127 yards and a touchdown.Week 13 fantasy takeaways : Jets , Chiefs combine for plenty of fireworksFizzlersWR Demaryius Thomas , Denver Broncos : Add Emmanuel Sanders and the entire Broncos offense to the list of disappointments . The two starting wideouts combined to catch four of their 17 targets from Trevor Siemian for just 38 yards.WR Julio Jones , Atlanta Falcons : You do n't bench Julio Jones after catching two passes for 24 yards , but fantasy owners do have to scratch their heads a little . Up until Week 12 where he scored twice , Jones had only one touchdown reception . He seems to be boom or bust , with very little in between.WR Mike Evans , Tampa Bay Buccaneers : The return of quarterback Jameis Winston was supposed to be a positive for Evans against a leaky Green Bay Packers secondary . Instead , he tied his season low of six targets , converting two of them for 33 yards.TE Jared Cook , Oakland Raiders : With both Michael Crabtree and Amari Cooper missing the game , Cook rewarded fantasy owners with one catch for nine yards . Over the last three weeks , Cook has been targeted a healthy 15 times but has only caught four.TE Austin Seferian-Jenkins , New York Jets : His touchdown streak from Weeks 5-7 seems a distant memory now . Seferian-Jenkins disappears for long stretches now and in a high-scoring affair with the Chiefs , he mustered just two receptions for seven yards .	Fantasy sizzlers and fizzlers : T ( D ) - Rex Burkhead a red-zone monster
Jed Katz of Javelin VP does n’t care if you ’re 22 or 42 . If you ’re an entrepreneur pitching to him and his two partners , you ’ve got to be able to blow them away . They want to invest in , “ the type of thing where we find ourselves still thinking about it at 10PM the day after the pitch . ” What makes Javelin take notice ? For one thing — a grasp of the “ full chess board , ” i.e. a strong knowledge base and solid understanding of the dynamics of the ecosystem a founder is about to go into . Part of what entrepreneurs need to exhibit , Katz says , “ is for lack of a better phrase , a sophistication . Can they recruit well ? Can they raise money well ? Are people going to want to work with them ? ” An entrepreneur that can check these boxes will get Javelin ’s attention — irrespective of sector focus . “ If we look back on the top five investments of our last fifty , they are not things we would ’ve found had we started with sector . It ’s something where the entrepreneur came in and blew us away with an idea or a business we would n’t have thought of . ” What those investments did have in common : all the elements that Javelin looks for . “ Massive markets , great competitive barriers that are going to last a long time , teams that know what they ’re doing , running capital efficient , scalable enterprises . ” Currently on their fourth fund ( $ 125 million ) , Javelin has a total of about $ 500 million under management . While primarily Series A investors with a sweet spot of $ 3 – 5 million , they ’ll also invest in later rounds , or at the seed stage if they know the entrepreneur or have a good idea that they ’ll want to lead the A. And , as Katz explains , “ Whenever we do lead the Series A , we ’re saving a lot of reserves for follow-ons later . ” One example where Javelin got in early : MasterClass . Katz recalls , “ When we invested in the company , we had not yet even filmed the Dustin Hoffman class [ the first class ] . We did not know either , are the classes going to succeed , or are other A + expert celebrities going to want to do classes after this ? ” But the venture met Javelin ’s criteria and , since then , MasterClass has amassed an extensive catalogue of classes with a who ’s who stable of A list experts , and closed a $ 35 million Series C round in March of 2017 . When Javelin VP gets involved , their investment is more than just monetary . All three partners are founders themselves , who ’ve seen companies “ through all the ups and downs ” from inception to successful exits . “ We ’ve learned a lot along the way . We ’ve been there — we ’ve been in their chair , ” Katz says . He ’s proud of the collaborative relationship Javelin has with the founders in their portfolio companies . “ We like that ten minute , 10 o’clock at night phone call where they ’re working through something . We want to be the ones they reach out to to just help figure this stuff out along the way . ” Watch the full 42 Questions interview between Jed Katz and Sean O’Sullivan of SOSV here : You can click the 👏 icon so other people can enjoy this article too !	Javelin Venture Partners : Age does n’t matter , sophistication does .
The issue of Net Neutrality is heating up in the United States . It seems to be another power grab from large corporations . In its current state , blockchain computing would be very vulnerable to an un-neutral net . However , the idea that a centralized company could determine the internet access of millions of individuals is awakening many people to various ideals that underly blockchain computer . Specifically , decentralization and the increase in power of the individual . The fight for net neutrality could be what awakens many more people to a decentralized computing future.Current Weakness : Blockchain computing , or Distributed Ledger Technology , is an open ledger that is distributed across a network and secured/verified through cryptographic proofs . Blockchain computing operates without trusted third parties and without oversight . However , all of those operations require an internet connection . At this stage , ISPs ( Internet Service Providers ) could almost entirely shut down blockchain computing ( 30 % of the Bitcoin network is hosted by only 13 ISPs and 60 % of all Bitcoin transactions cross only 3 ISPs ) if they were allowed to . It would definitely hinder the operations of blockchain computing efforts , and stymie efforts to decentralize data and computing power.Trustless &gt; Untrustworthy : Even if the big ISPs are open and allow all to connect to everything at the same rate , a suspicion of something more sinister will remain . After all , ISPs are corporations and serve the bottom line and their shareholders more than their customers . We need look no further than Google and Yahoo et al in China . Rather than serve the customers with unregulated searches , the companies sold their customers down the road in order to turn a greater profit to their ( mostly non-Chinese ) shareholders.As people see that a non-neutral net interferes with the way that they want to connect , that will develop an architecture that will not allow a non-neutral net . That development will embody the principles of blockchain computing , namely : decentralized , cryptographic , and trustless.Future Potential : As blockchain computing has become more and more popular , people have begun to see that software coded on the blockchain should be the norm for many things . In the backlash to an un-Neutral net , society will demand a similar setup for the hardware of internet connectivity . In the mid-to-long term , the standard model of centralized ISPs will change to one of decentralization.In his 2006 revision of Code , Lawrence Lessig said that “ when the Internet ’s equivalent of 9/11 happens — whether sponsored by terrorists or not — annoyance will mature into political will . And that political will will produce real change . ” The attacks of that day that gave U.S. lawmakers the political will to enact a law ( the USA PATRIOT Act ) that they had been writing for years , and that fundamentally changed many legal norms in the U.S. The fight over Net Neutrality in the U.S. will , I believe , be this moment and it will give many individuals the political will to change how they interact with the internet.An un-free internet will give convince people to exert their political will to back the principles of decentralization and individual power over their information . ISPs will be forced to change , or they will be replaced , wth a system that is decentralized , immutable , and will not rely on the good nature of a profit-seeking enterprise . Lessig spoke about the architecture upon which laws are made , saying “ architecture is a kind of law : it determines what people can and can not do . ” People will sour with the idea of powerful centralized ISPs controlling what they can access and how fast , and they will demand a new architecture that decentralized internet connectivity along with computing power and data storage.A new architecture of internet connectivity will come sooner or later . Whether from adapting ISPs or from individuals espousing the ideals that underly blockchain computing , it will come .	Net Neutrality : A Universal Blockchain Moment .
Throughout the course of life , there may come certain situations where disaster will strike if nothing is done to prevent it ; however , a different disaster might strike if something is done to prevent the first . This is similar to choosing the lesser of two evils , but there ’s a twist : one of the two evils is not guaranteed . In Golden Sun : The Lost Age , a fantasy role playing game ( RPG ) made for the Gameboy Advance , this type of situation helps to drive the plot . Among the many possible lessons to be learned as the game progresses , one argument that Golden Sun : The Lost Age makes is that it is better to take a potentially fatal risk when solving a problem rather than to do nothing and wait for the inevitable disaster . This is a sensible argument because there is always a chance — however small — that disaster could be avoided entirely if the risk is taken.Golden Sun : The Lost Age , with the help of its prequel , Golden Sun , sets this situation on the global scale in the classic “ save the world ” plot template . In the first parts of The Lost Age , you find yourself playing as one of the antagonists of the first game — you are trying to bring about what the heroes of the first game were trying to stop : the release of Alchemy ( the power to harness the four elements of Earth , Fire , Wind , and Water ) upon the rest of the world of Weyard ; though there are a number of individuals who already possess this power ( Adepts ) , Alchemy , at this time , has been sealed away from the vast majority of the world . Towards the middle of The Lost Age , you find out that Alchemy is what kept the world “ alive ” in ancient days ; without it , the world went into hibernation , slowly wasting away and drawing ever closer to its inevitable end . In the next act of the game , you meet back up with the previous game ’s protagonists , and the two initially conflicting parties wind up joining forces to unstop the seal on Alchemy — despite the fact that people would be tempted to abuse this power like they had in the ancient past . And at the very end of the game , as the pure essences of the four elements combine to cause the Golden Sun event that finally releases this great power upon the world , everyone prepares for the aftermath.As the game helps to demonstrate , taking the risk is more likely to prevent ultimate disaster than doing nothing is . In the context of The Lost Age , it is when the heroes find themselves in the court of Hydros , the king of the ancient city of Lemuria ( think Atlantis ) , that he and the traveling scholar Kraden reveal to the rest of the group the dire situation that stares the world in the face : the flat world of Weyard , without Alchemy ’s nourishing power , is steadily crumbling away into nothingness.However , the act of undoing Alchemy ’s seal is stubbornly opposed by the head of the Lemurian Senate , Conservato , because he , like Golden Sun ’s protagonists , believes that people would start abusing the newly released power . However , unlike the disintegration of the planet , this abuse of power is not 100 % guaranteed , and the odds of such abuse utterly destroying the planet are not 100 % guaranteed either . On a smaller scale , this same principle is comparable to a giant boulder rolling downhill toward a crowd of people . If the boulder is allowed to keep rolling in its current direction , a whole lot of people are bound to get hurt or even killed — that is inevitable . However , if a person who is in the position to do something somehow manages to redirect the boulder , it might get sent into a building instead . If the boulder does get sent into the building , the building would no doubt suffer damages , and there is a possibility of people inside getting hurt because of the boulder ’s new path . However , most ( if not all ) of this is not guaranteed if the boulder is redirected and not allowed to continue on its default path.In conjunction with the above , seemingly impossible situations additionally share the characteristic that , by taking the big risk , there is nothing to lose and everything to gain . With regard to The Lost Age , either choice ( doing nothing or unsealing Alchemy ) could very well cause the end of the world — if Alchemy ’s abuse by the world ’s inhabitants causes the end of the world of Weyard , Weyard would be no worse off than it would be if it was allowed to crumble away . In fact , positive side effects — not just negative ones — could also come from preventing the first disaster . As the Water Adept named Alex states , “ Alchemy was once commonplace throughout this world … With its power , mankind worked wonders across the land … ” In this context , if it so be that mankind does not destroy itself with Alchemy ’s great power , the wonders that would be worked could mark a new golden age for the entire world — the civilizations that could spring up in the coming centuries could even rival those that existed before the seal on Alchemy was placed ! Furthermore , even if negative consequences do arise , there is a chance that they might not be as bad as people originally thought they would be . Such is the case with medicine : children might fear that the medicine would taste absolutely disgusting , and parents might be concerned about the side effects on the label.However , the medicine might not taste quite as bad as the kid thought it would , and the side effects that do manifest might not be as serious as the parents feared they would be . As a reward for this risk in taking the medicine , the kid would in turn make a full recovery from his illness and get back to doing what he enjoys most.With all that said , I personally was — and still am — quite intrigued by this part of the plot in Golden Sun : The Lost Age . The designers of the game handled the issue quite well by putting this whole “ darned if you do , darned if you do n’t ” type of situation on a global scale while still being fair in its execution ; the part when protagonists and antagonists alike meet together to sort out their differences and join forces to prevent the end of the world is particularly poignant . Therefore , when we are faced with similar situations — whether to let the inevitable come to pass or to do something beneficial that might — MIGHT — be just as disastrous , let us give the latter the benefit of the doubt and do it.Skip to 2:00 for the heroes ’ official reunion.The long-awaited — and dreaded — advent of the Golden SunWeyard : Before and AfterIncreased risk taking … unethical behavior … decreased cooperation … sounds eerily appropriate.Skip to 2:00 for the heroes ’ official reunion .	Darned if You Do , Darned if You Do n’t : Responding to Golden Sun : The Lost Age
Staff meetings get real personal.By Stephen JacksonThe buddy comedy is a time-tested genre that seems to be reinvented every year . In each iteration we see the following formula : Opposites attract as the shortcomings of one are perfectly complimented by the other ’s strengths and , after facing a crisis , the two grow as a team and everyone lives happily ever after.But if you think about why this plot has such pull , you arrive at something we ’re all after in one way or another , and that ’s the chance to go on an adventure with someone you care about.And what better adventure is there than starting your own business ? Perhaps this is why so many ideas are hatched around card tables in garages , drinking crappy beer and dreaming big.But for every Proctor and Gamble — or Fey and Poehler — that become successful business owners , there are scores that do n’t ; or , worse , ruin their friendship in the process.Makers Making FriendsThat said , Eliza Lois and Madeline Mikitarian , co-owners of Mist + Stone , an online boutique featuring the work of different handmade artists and designers across the country , seem to have found a healthy balance as both best friends and business owners.Lois and Mikitarian have been close since childhood . They started their Virginia-based boutique in order to celebrate makers and designers who might not otherwise have a venue to sell their goods . Each month the two develop a “ theme ” on which to base their shop curation , and then reach out to small-batch artisans to create items — mostly clothing and jewelry — that fit this idea . “ We work to establish the emotional nature of the themes alongside their physical manifestations in our products , contributing to a greater sense of meaning in the items we carry , ” Lois says . “ Our clients shop with Mist + Stone because they are passionate about supporting handmade goods and enjoy the connections between art , beauty , and life experience beyond what they would find in a more general shop . ” The pair run the business together , and about a year in , they feel they are better friends for it . I reached out to see if I could n’t glean some wisdom about balancing work and friendship.A Shared Emotional ConnectionThe pair jokes that owning a business together is like a “ pseudo-marriage license , ” because it ’s something bigger than the two of them individually , and that it require each person to “ show up ” each day and be ready to make things work . “ I believe the biggest advantage we have is the emotional connection we share , ” Lois says . “ As friends we share a strong , intuitive understanding of the other , and that bond both amplifies the high moments and carries us through the more difficult ones . ” Mikitarian also cites the importance of their bond , especially since they have complementary strengths ( see : buddy comedy ) . “ I feel that Eliza is the structure and reality base that I need personally and professionally . I am big picture and concept-driven and she is the nuts and bolts , ” she says . “ Together we create tangible , practical offerings that have a special magic spark to them . We have admiration for each other and we are able to constantly seek opportunities that allow each other ’s talents to really sing . ” Business and Friendship : One and the SameIt ’s not like everything is peachy-keen all the time . However , while one might think it ’s always a good idea to put up extra boundaries when dealing professionally with someone you care about , Lois and Mikitarian instead lean into their connection to resolve conflict . “ We have had to get down to brass tacks on each other ’s core needs and fundamental communication styles during a disagreement , which has been easier to navigate through the foundation of our friendship , ” Mikitarian says . “ Having extensive background knowledge of each other is something that we draw from all the time . It prevents so many surface problems because we can dive to the heart of the matter with extreme ease . ” Lois agrees with this , saying that they ’ve needed to make a conscious effort to integrate their work dynamic with their personal friendship . “ This is an area where we are always making adjustments , but we ’ve overcome the initial difficulty by ignoring the advice to keep work and personal life separate , and instead strive to be warm , generous , wonderful people to each other both as friends and as coworkers , ” she says.You Can Do It , TooWhile it goes without saying that a this sort of friend/business partner amalgam is n’t for everyone , Lois and Mikitarian do provide some advice to anyone thinking of doing what they did.Lois cites the importance of three things : * defining clear roles and expectations for one another right off the bat * developing a strong system of communicationbeing aware of and celebrating one another ’s different viewpoints * “ Know without question which is more important to you — your friendship or the business . There is no wrong answer here , and the two of you do n’t even have to necessarily agree on the answer , but knowing your answer to that question will help you prioritize , will influence your behavior , and will help you solve any problems as they arise , ” Lois says.Mikitarian concurs , and reminds folks to not forget why they decided to become business partners in the first place . “ Set aside 15 minutes in the beginning of a work meeting to first go over your personal lives , feelings , dream journals , what you ate the day before , what Rihanna is up to , things like that , ” she says . “ When you run a business with someone you love , what you are ultimately giving the world is the layered , complex dynamic you ’ve created together – something you could never establish on your own . Respect that asset and prioritize it . ” Seed is available now in the US . Apply for membership.Banking services provided by The Bancorp Bank , Member FDIC . The Seed Visa ® Business Debit Card is issued by The Bancorp Bank pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted.Making it work : Eliza Lois and Madeline Mikitarian.Holidays in the land of makers.Originally published at seed.co .	Here Are a Few Things to Think About When Going Into Business With Your Friend
SALT LAKE CITY ( AP ) — President Donald Trump on Monday took the unprecedented step of scaling back two sprawling national monuments in Utah , declaring that " public lands will once again be for public use , " in a move cheered by Republican leaders who had lobbied him to undo protections they considered overly broad.The decision marks the first time in a half century that a president has undone these types of land protections . Tribal and environmental groups oppose the decision and are expected to go to court in a bid to preserve the designations.Trump made the plan official during a speech at the State Capitol , where he signed proclamations to shrink the Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante national monuments . Both monuments encompass millions of acres of land.State officials said the protections were overly broad and closed off the area to energy development and other access.Environmental and tribal groups plan to sue , saying the designations are needed to protect important archaeological and cultural resources , especially the more than 1.3 million-acre ( 2,030-square-mile ) Bears Ears site featuring thousands of Native American artifacts , including ancient cliff dwellings and petroglyphs.Trump argued that the people of Utah know best how to care for their land . " Some people think that the natural resources of Utah should be controlled by a small handful of very distant bureaucrats located in Washington , " Trump said . " And guess what ? They 're wrong . " Roughly 3,000 demonstrators lined up near the State Capitol to protest Trump 's announcement . Some held signs that said , " Keep your tiny hands off our public lands , " and they chanted , " Lock him up ! " A smaller group gathered in support of Trump 's decision , including some who said they favor potential drilling or mining there that could create jobs . " Your timeless bond with the outdoors should not be replaced with the whims of regulators thousands and thousands of miles away , " Trump said . " I 've come to Utah to take a very historic action to reverse federal overreach and restore the rights of this land to your citizens . " Bears Ears , created last December by President Barack Obama , will be reduced by about 85 percent , to 201,876 acres ( 315 square miles ) . Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument , designated in 1996 by President Bill Clinton , will be reduced from nearly 1.9 million acres ( nearly 3,000 square miles ) to 1,003,863 acres ( 1,569 square miles ) . Both were among a group of 27 monuments that Trump ordered Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke to review this year.Zinke accompanied Trump aboard Air Force One , as did Utah 's Republican U.S. senators , Orrin Hatch and Mike Lee . Hatch and other Utah Republican leaders pushed Trump to launch the review , saying the monuments designated by the former Democratic presidents locked up too much federal land.Trump framed the decision as returning power to the state , saying , " You know and love this land the best and you know the best how to take care of your land . " He said the decision would " give back your voice . " " Public lands will once again be for public use , " Trump said to cheers.Hatch , who introduced Trump , said that when " you talk , this president listens " and that Trump promised to help him with " federal overreach . " Patagonia President and CEO Rose Marcario said the outdoor-apparel company will join an expected court fight against the monument reduction , which she described as the " largest elimination of protected land in American history . " Trump 's move to drastically reduce Bears Ears , covering lands considered sacred to tribes that pushed for protections for years , marks the latest affront by the president to Native Americans.Trump overrode tribal objections to approve the Dakota Access and Keystone XL oil pipelines , and he used a recent White House event honoring Navajo Code Talkers to take a political jab at Sen. Elizabeth Warren , a Massachusetts Democrat he has nicknamed " Pocahontas " for her claim to have Native American heritage.Trump signed an executive order in April directing Zinke to review the protections . Trump is able to upend the protections under the 1906 Antiquities Act , which gives presidents broad authority to declare federal lands as monuments and restrict their use.Zinke has also recommended to Trump that Nevada 's Gold Butte and Oregon 's Cascade-Siskiyou monuments be reduced in size , though details remain unclear . The former Montana congressman 's plan would allow logging at a newly designated monument in Maine and more grazing , hunting and fishing at two sites in New Mexico.Democrats and environmentalists have opposed the changes , accusing Trump and Zinke of engaging in a secretive process aimed at helping industry groups that have donated to Republican political campaigns .	Trump takes unprecedented step to reduce national monuments
Dramatic UnityThe four “ Cs ” of writing for broadcast for the ear.Writing for the ear is the foundation of broadcast writing1 . Correctness - Accuracy above all else . Is a must for every area of media , As Christians , we should also seek the truth everyday , and that translates into our writing .2 . Clarity-Audience needs to understand what you are saying the first time around , good language , the exact word to get the right emotion . Use simple sentences . Flow may not be as great . Know what you are talking about , do research , know your product and facts ahead of time .3 . Concise - Stay within the time given to you , we write to fill a certain time , phrasing and words must be tight , remove anytimes where you repeat , keep it simple and short , bring your writing back to basics , one idea per sentences . Avoid past tense .4 . Color - illustrate picture , transport people into stories , insightful details , look for personalities , the people are the story , what are they doing how are they reacting , they bring a lot of color.Write in a function where everything works together , do not use the inverted pryamid.Within completed circle , order your information.Dramatic Unity - Has a climax , cause , and effect . The climax is breaking news or the point of the story , why would someone care ? The cause is the why it happened , or circumstances behind the event , the ending of the story is the effect where you give context of the story , personalize things , tell people why it will effect them . Use simple sentences , subject , verb , context.Use titles before names!Personalize wherever you can , be conversational , use the word “ you ” to draw people into the story.Spell out words , like dollars.Ages with names , the age goes before the name and again it makes more sense.Spell out numbers that are lower than 12 and greater use numerals for.Look at combination numbers.Broadcast style guidelines are simpler than AP Style Guide , we are writing for the ear not paper . Not as particular , the audience is larger.GuidelinesThere is a certain guidelines.AP Stylebook can not be used.In broadcast no one will see your words.Names , use first and last in first reference , and then last for other references.If a word is difficult to speak , sound it out and have it make sense.Do not use abbreviations.Do not be caught in the moment , especially live , you want it to flow.Use abbreviations for Dr. A.M. or P.M. Mrs. Mr. , or business F.B.I.Numbers need to be minimized and round off when needed.Use numerals for round offFor quotes , have attribution at the beginning of the sentence . For the flow sake , but a soundbite is best.Use slash marksWherever you can , personalize , as in speak to audienceWrite in the present , not past.If it is going on right now , then it is present .	Broadcast Writing and Guidelines SoundCloud
A recent missile attack against the Saudi capital may not have been intercepted by American-made missiles after all . New analysis of last month ’s attack on Riyadh ’s international airport shows that the warhead may have evaded missile defenses . The report highlights the complexity of missile defense — a crucial issue as one missile war is being fought in the Middle East and a second threatens in northern Asia.Back in November , we covered a relatively underreported missile war between Iranian-backed Yemeni rebels and a coalition of Middle Eastern countries . Missile defense advocates say Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have shot down close to 150 missiles during this conflict , including one launched last month at Riyadh ’s King Khalid International Airport . The attack , and the launch of several Patriot missiles to shoot down the incoming missile , was captured on social media and shared widely . Here 's video of the launch of Patriot missiles and the aftermath : The missile is an Iranian-made Burqan-2 . Houthi rebels launched it from Yemen at a distance of 610 miles . In response , Saudi air defense forces launched five Patriot PAC-3 missiles , a variant of the Patriot missile expressly designed to intercept incoming ballistic missiles . Wreckage of the Burqan-2 was found in downtown Riyadh , but the warhead traveled 12 miles more and exploded near the airport — about 1 kilometer ( 0.6 mi ) from the domestic terminal . Here 's a video of Burqan-2 missiles in Yemeni hands.As outlined in Sunday 's New York Times , the airport was indeed the target and the warhead came pretty darn close . Scuds are n’t the most accurate missiles in the world , and a 3,000-foot miss is typical for Scuds . Homemade Iranian Scuds may be even less accurate . Regardless , it appears the warhead successfully separated from the missile . The discovery of the Burqan-2 ’s engine and body in Riyadh seems to indicate it was a clean miss on the part of the Patriots . What happened ? There are all sorts of possibilities . One , the missile may have broken apart on reentry , after warhead separation . Falling debris might have confused the Patriots as to what the real target was , allowing the warhead to slip through . A similar situation occurred in 1991 , when Iraq ’s Al-Hussein missiles broke apart moments before impact , creating a flying debris field that confused Patriot missiles and caused them to miss the warhead . Another possibility is that the Saudis , caught off guard by the first-ever missile attack against their capital , simply responded too late . Perhaps the Saudis got a bad batch of missiles . Or perhaps the Patriot system just plain failed . The system is indeed responsible for many intercepts in the Mideast region since 2015 , but some unknown variable in this intercept may have caused a failure . We may never know the exact cause , but the failure to intercept ca n’t help but cause a little uncertainty just as Patriot PAC-3s protect American and Japanese soldiers and civilians from North Korean missiles .	U.S. Missile Defenses May Have Failed in Recent Mideast Attack
I am weak . I am bad . I am ugly . I am fat . I am not good enough . I am nothing . Nobody likes me.Who has not ever thought about themselves like that ? Nobody really likes to talk about self-esteem . The selfesteem campaigns by big brands and celebrities , like Beyonce and Nivea , I wonder if they really work . It tries to target people with low self-esteem , but it is made by those with good self-esteem . How do they know how this feels ? There is a difference between feeling bad about yourself once awhile and feeling it everyday.A campaign is temporary , but we need to make a change that stays permanently.We often think in “ I am [ x ] ” . Shall we stop doing that ? When you tell yourself “ you are this and that ” , it is a definition that you apply to yourself . But you are not that . You are way more and much more complex than the label “ ugly , fat , stupid ” . Just like you are more than “ beautiful ” . And why are we defining ourselves in things that are temporary ? Every beauty will wane over time . And are n’t we more than that ? Is our worth really equal to , for example , how we look?Shall we stop putting ourselves down ? Even when we do it for our friend ? Does it really help our friends when we tell them we are fat , too ? Or how more fat you are?Let ’s acknowledge their feelings and ask them why ? Ask deeper and maybe get to the bottom of the problem . Then we can build a better foundation.Let ’s change our words . Let us define how we feel instead of what we are.When you say “ I feel this and that ” , you tell yourself how you feel . And feelings are temporary . You are n’t defining yourself anymore . Furthermore , feelings can be changed.And please , tell the people around you how grateful you are they are in your life . Or how good they look . Be genuine about it . It is the little things that count.When someone you are close to tells you that , that counts way more than what Beyonce tells you.Change happens with you.Let ’s look at ourselves differently . More beautiful , more courageous , more loving . “ Self Portrait ” — from imgur	Let ’s Open up a Discussion on Self-esteem
The holy grail of investing is finding stocks that have the potential to be multi-baggers . Defined as ‘ stocks that give returns that are several times their costs ’ multi-baggers can make your investment career . However , finding these stocks is not an easy process . Nor is there a clear-cut set of rules for finding these equities at the early stages . See also : ValueWalk ’s exclusive small-cap stock newsletter Hidden Value Stocks Get The Full Henry Singleton Series in PDF That 's not to say that there are no standard qualities that link these investment home runs . Kevin Martelli , a value investor , based in Switzerland , has conducted a study of “ multi-bagger ” stocks , which he defines as those that have risen in value by more than ten times over the past 15 years . Martelli complied his findings in a presentation sent to partners of his firm called Martek Partners , a copy of which has been reviewed by ValueWalk . From the outset , Martelli makes it clear that his findings are " unscientific and backward-looking analysis " with a significant degree of survivorship bias because only the winning multi-baggers appear in the sample . The stocks that looked like long term multi-baggers , but ended up being bad investments do not show up in the data . Still , the research revealed some interesting findings . For example , of the 21,000 listed companies around today ( market cap . of at least $ 100 million ) , around 18 % have achieved 15x returns from their low point over the past 15 years ( till April 2014 ) . Of this sample , Martelli selected a sample " of ' more predictable ' multi-bagger stocks , which a rational and long term oriented investor had a ' reasonable chance ' to identify , purchase and hold over the long term . " Of this sample of 100 , three case studies are included in the presentation , Autozone , Philippine Seven and Australia 's REA Group . The Key To Finding Multi-Bagger Stocks Autozone has produced a return of 24x for investors between 2000 and 2013 , a compound annual return of 27 % . The exciting thing about this company ( and indeed other multi-baggers Martelli considered ) is that this growth was not achieved through hyper sales expansion ( a common misconception ) . Instead , while the stock surged 24x , sales growth only averaged 6 % p.a. Over the same period , its store count rose 5 % a year and average sales per store by just 1 % . What 's more , during the 13 year period under consideration , shares in Autozone were never particularly cheap . Running contrary to the idea that all potential multi-baggers must be cheap , Autozone traded at an average multiple of 18 times earnings while it smashed the market . So how was Autozone able to chalk up such an impressive performance ? The conclusion Mr. Martelli draws is that it all comes down to good capital allocation decisions . Even though sales only grew at 6 % per annum over the period , its earnings per share increased 22 % as operating margins rose from 11 % to 19 % and the company used free cash flow to buy 73 % of its outstanding shares . The case of Autozone is just one of the stocks Mr. Martelli considered . At the end of his presentation , he rounds up the following Key Takeaways from the research on how to find multi-baggers : There is no magic formula , although the quality of management remains key . An investment thesis should be simple . " Buffett did not use overly complex excel models to invest in well know companies like Coca-Cola , American Express , and Wells Fargo . " A low entry price vs. the company 's long term potential is key . " It is important to assess the degree of predictability of the long term revenue potential and profitability of the business and quality of the management . Small is beautiful . 68 % of multi-baggers had a market value of $ 300 million or less at their low point . Patience is critical ValueWalk 's exclusive value stocks newsletter , Hidden Value Stocks , has a record of uncovering multi-baggers for readers . In each quarterly issue , we speak with two under the radar hedge fund managers who specialize in small-cap value stocks and ask them to give us a detailed rundown of their top positions . To find out more , click here .	The Key To Finding Multi-Bagger Stocks
There 's nothing worse than hanging up an article of clothing only to immediately have it crash to the floor of the closet . But the best wooden hangers eliminate that annoying problem completely by evenly distributing weight and keeping even heavy winter coats neatly stored and ready to grab at a moment 's notice.When you 're looking for wooden hangers , there are a few things you should be on the lookout for . You want something that is sturdy and reliable , but you do n't want it to be too bulky — especially if you have a lot of clothes.Think about your wardrobe , specifically . If you have mostly tops , you 'll want to seek out hangers with notches to hold up the straps . Look for notches that are smooth and that wo n't snag fabric . If you hang pants and skirts , too , you 'll need hangers with a bar designed to do so . Or , perhaps , you can get hangers specifically designed to hang bottoms with clips.You may think that all hangers are created equal , but nothing could be further from the truth . For anyone serious about organization , old wire hangers simply are n't going to cut it . These wooden hangers will keep your clothes stored properly , with high-end finishes that look fantastic in your closet .2 A Handful Of Wide Hangers That Offer Extra Support For Suits &amp; CoatsThese hangers were designed to be extra wide in order to evenly distribute the weight of heavier suits , winter coats , and other bulky articles of clothing , so they wo n't slip right off onto the closet floor . They 're made of evergreen wood , which is extra durable and gentle on delicate fabrics , and the bars on the hangers are covered with a thin layer of rubber to prevent slipping .3 A Set Of Hangers With Removable Bars For Hanging PantsThis set of premium wooden hangers includes detachable bars that you can fold away , making it easier to drape pairs of pants or skirts over the bar without removing the entire hanger from its spot . The bars also have a no-slip covering to keep your clothes in place , while traditional notches prevent tops from falling . The hangers even have 360-degree , gold swivel hooks .4 A Pack Of Truly Multi-Purpose Wooden HangersA solid 20-pack , these wooden hangers are super popular on Amazon and offer just about everything : smooth notches for tops , a non-slip bar for bottoms , and rust-free hooks that rotate 360 degrees . They 're super smooth and wo n't snag any delicate fabrics , and you can choose between four different wood finishes — black , natural , retro , and walnut — to accent your wardrobe .5 Hangers That Have Pants Clips Lined With Soft FabricThese hangers are perfectly suited to tops and even have notches to hold them in place , but they also have accompanying pants clips . The clips themselves are lined with a thin layer of felt , so you wo n't have to worry about any creasing or wrinkling . Even sensitive fabrics are safe to put in between the clips , preventing your pants and skirts from falling .6 A 10-Pack Of Hangers Made Just For Pants &amp; SkirtsThese pants hangers are all you need if you 're looking to organize your pants , skirts , and other bottoms , with durable clips that are lined to prevent creasing and to keep sensitive fabrics safe from damage . The wooden design keeps the weight distributed evenly , preventing oddly shaped clothing items from pulling down their hangers . You can also swivel the rust-free hooks for easy organizing .7 A Budget-Friendly Set Of Wooden Hangers To Establish Your ClosetWith their classic design and affordable price , these hangers make the perfect budget-friendly choice when you 're setting up a new closet . They 're lightweight , durable , and compact , able to hold up any type of clothing safely without damaging sensitive fabrics . Cleanly-cut notches keep tops in place , while a swivel hook allows you to move things around quickly whenever you 're organizing . The reliable wood construction can even hold up winter coats.Bustle may receive a portion of sales from products purchased from this article , which was created independently from Bustle 's editorial and sales departments .	The 7 Best Wooden Hangers
Luke Bryan ‘ s happiest times in life consist of huntin ’ , fishin ’ and lovin ’ every day . “ What makes me proud to be country is the fact that I ’ve navigated so many aspects of this career and held on to being country in a lot of ways , ” says Bryan , who enjoys spending time with his two sons , Thomas Boyer , 9 , and Tatum “ Tate ” Christopher , 7 , as well as his nephew , Til , 15 , who lives with Bryan . “ I wake up , I get to go take my boys out and do country things . ” We all hope you have a great #thanksgivingdinner . We miss you Jordan &amp; Kris . A post shared by Luke Bryan Official ( @lukebryan ) on Nov 23 , 2017 at 6:07 pm PST Many “ Entertainer of the Year ” honors and slews of other prominent award wins and nominations later , the “ Strip It Down ” singer says he ’s still “ remained true to who I am as a person . ” “ I ’ve gotten to follow all my dreams and still remained true to who I am as a person , ” he says . “ My lifestyle , hopefully , has inspired people to be positive and have fun and not take yourself too seriously — life ’s serious enough . ” For more coverage , follow our country magazine on Flipboard . And he ’s hoping his fans follow suit . “ So when I ’m on stage , I just try to be as country as I can and let people see that and let people have fun with that , ” says Bryan . “ Be proud of what makes you country — what little aspect of your life that makes you country , own it and love it . ” “ There ’s room for everybody to be country , ” he adds . “ Come to the party , just be happy about the little things in your life that makes you country or the lot of things in your life that makes you country . ” What Makes You Country is available for pre-order now .	Luke Bryan Reveals What Makes Him Country : ' I 've Remained True to Who I Am as a Person '
WHILE her more famous cousin is an ace tennis player and global superstar , Mimi Bouchard has served up her own drama on Made in Chelsea . Here 's all you need to know about the blogger and TV star who ruffled a few feathers with her summer romance on the smash hit show ... Who is Mimi Bouchard ? Stunning Mimi was born in Toronto , Canada , on July 16 , 1996 . The 20-year-old moved to London a year ago , settling in Fulham before moving to Chelsea harbour . Speaking to The Debrief , she explained : " It 's very me , I love this neighbourhood . " You can find the blogger posting on her online lifestyle magazine Mimibee , which she describes as " all things fashion , love , sex , health , fitness , with a touch of personal growth " . Her blog took her to fancy celeb events , where Mimi met MIC stars Fred , Georgia ' Toff ' Toffolo and Jess Woodley - who has now left the show . Mimi is the cousin of tennis ace Eugenie Bouchard , 23 , who is ranked no 53 in the world - and was the runner-up at Wimbledon in 2014 . But the reality TV star does n't play . She told Radio Times : " Nope , absolutely not . I 'm not very sporty . " EPAWhen did Mimi Bouchard join Made in Chelsea ? Mimi is a MIC newbie - along with Lottie Moss ' ex Sam Prince , former pro rugby player James Sandford , socialite Daisy Robins and student Ella Willis . She joined the 13th series of the show in 2017 and is back for the 14th season . Who is Mimi Bouchard friends with ? Mimi has struck up a close bond with Toff , as well as a controversial flirty friendship with Fred . She 's also been on the receiving end of Tiffany Watson 's anger when she bedded Tiff 's then " boyfriend " Sam Thompson while the couple were " on a break " over the summer . Socialite Mimi also hangs out with a few people you may remember from past series of the show . Among her famous friends are Kimberley Garner , from series 3 in 2012 , Olivia Newman-Young , Fran 's sister from series 5-6 in 2013 , and Sophie Hermanm , from series 6-9 in 2013-15 . She 's also mates with TV and radio presenter Olivia Cox - who you may know from Sky News , Channel 5 News and Channel 4 racing . As for her dating life , Mimi says she 's been single for quite a while , and thinks MIC could be the perfect platform to find her Prince Charming . When is Made in Chelsea series 14 on E4 and are there any new arrivals ? Made in Chelsea started its fourteenth series on Monday 9 October on E4 , and there will be 12 episodes in the season . It follows the spin-off Made in Chelsea Ibiza , which saw the sensational split of Tiffany Watson and Sam Thompson , as well as Frankie Gaff and Jamie Laing . The cast you can expect to see in the latest series is : A new addition to the cast comes in the form of Charlie Mills . The hunky blonde is a former model and playboy socialite and is set to bag a host of admirers as he arrives on set . He 's heir to a banking fortune too , which may well help draw in the ladies .	Who is Mimi Bouchard ? Made In Chelsea cast member and Canadian tennis star Eugenie ’s cousin
Photo : Netflix Heart-pounding dramas and thought-provoking comedies are great , and there ’s a surplus of excellent ones in 2017 . However , sometimes you just want to curl up and watch a sweet and corny rom-com . If that ’s what you ’re in the mood for , then Good Morning Call is worth checking out . Based on the manga of the same name , the Japanese live action series follows Nao ( Haruka Fukuhara ) , a junior high student who convinces her father to let her rent an apartment after he moves to the country . There ’s just one problem — the apartment Nao is supposed to rent is already occupied by a popular student in her school , Hisashi ( Shunya Shiraishi ) . The duo have to learn to live together and in the process perhaps fall in love . Good Morning Call certainly is n’t ground-breaking television . There are all sort of insane plots that would be dismissed as being too ridiculous in real life but are somehow acceptable in anime and anime adaptations . However , there ’s something sweet about a show completely dedicated to one little romance . There ’s a sincerity to several Eastern romance stories that the cynical rom-coms of the West ca n’t really compete with . Sure , on a shot for shot level , shows like Love , You ’re the Worst , and Easy are far more entertaining rom-coms . But sometimes you do n’t want moody couples pretending like they hate each other . You want something light , comforting , and fun . And what better season is there for light , sweet , and romantic entertainment than the winter holiday season ? Hallmark Channel practically built its brand off of romance stories like these . If you ’re in the mood for a low-stakes , silly romance this winter and you do n’t mind subtitles , give Good Morning Call a chance . You ’ll quickly know whether or not the cheery show is for you . Stream Good Morning Call on Netflix	The Sweet Rom-Com ‘ Good Morning Call ’ Is Great For The Season
It 's was a rainy autumn day at the glorious Stuttgart airport , and for roughly an hour or so , I was all set to drive a brand new Mercedes-AMG GLC63 S Coupe in Diamond White , powered by a twin-turbo V8 packing a " massive " 503 hp and 516 lb-ft of torque . It 's pretty much the same engine as in the AMG GT S sports car , minus a few horses and the dry sump lubrication . No wonder why they do n't call it a Mercedes-Benz . It 's an AMG , which becomes absolutely clear after one peek at its carbon fiber rear wing.Máté Petrány / Road &amp; Track The traditional SUV does not have the wing . If you opt for that body style in America , there is no S model available . That leaves you with an almost pathetic 469 hp and 479 lb-ft of torque . Would that be enough against a Porsche Macan Turbo at the lights ? Perhaps . But it 's best to be sure you 'll win . Going for the Coupe with 503 horses , the reduced rear space , and the wing that sends out a clear message to all those Porsche folks : it 's not all about the downforce.What makes the GLC63 S Coupe a " compact " SUV is beyond me . It 's certainly wider than the sedan or the wagon . Yet to be fair , if all-wheel drive is a must for you , the GLC has the upper hand , since the current generation C63 wagon is rear-wheel drive only . The GLC also comes with the new 9-speed automatic instead of the 7-speed , which is only an option for the C43 , not the the C63.Máté Petrány / Road &amp; Track The new gearbox has a start-off wet clutch replacing the traditional torque converter , and it 's lighter , faster and smoother than the previous unit . Connected to a V8 with 516 lb-ft of torque , it can launch the GLC63 S Coupe to sixty in 3.7 seconds . With this engine dominating the scene , press the loud button on the central console , and AMG 's fastback SUV will do what it says on the wrapper.Namely , it will be fast without ever offering the thrills of the wagon , and it will handle the best a high-riding SUV weighing 4511 lbs . can . Of course having a single hour on public roads is hardly enough to do it justice , but one thing is for sure : If you want the most powerful V8 with all-wheel drive and the 9-speed , Mercedes would like to ask you to contribute to their SUV success story by buying the one with the least utility . There 's a lot to celebrate , since the company has never sold this many cars before , and the GLC is the main growth driver . And to make sure yours looks special parked by all the rest , you 'll really need the S badge and the wing.Mercedes-Benz Mercedes-Benz Mercedes-Benz Mercedes-Benz Mercedes-Benz Mercedes-Benz Mercedes-Benz Mercedes-Benz Mercedes-Benz Mercedes-Benz Mercedes-Benz	2018 Mercedes-AMG GLC63 S Coupe : The Wing Says It All
Business owners wear two hats — the owner and the CEO . The first is the owner of the machine , and the latter is the operator of the machine.As the owner , your financial role is that of an investor . Your business is an investment and the funds you injected should be considered no differently to the shares your stock market or real-estate investments . You want to ensure the capital and time investment will provide you with a financial return in the future.As the CEO , you are an employee , and your role is running the business and ensure it ’s well managed financially.These two roles will conflict.As the owner , your motivation is to maximise the financial return from your business . To generate an return on the investment of capital and time you have invested into building it.The dilemma you will face is the trade-off between taking income now as a CEO , versus long term wealth creation as an investor . You earn present income from the salary you make as an ‘ employee ’ , as well as dividends the business pays you as an investor/owner . Long-term wealth is earned from growing the value of your business.The trade-off is this.The more present income you draw from out of the business now , the less capital there is to invest in the business to create long-term value . On the other hand , drawing the minimal amount of present income leaves more capital to create higher long-term value ( if spent wisely ) — but at the cost of your current standard of living.Paying what you ’re worthNike , now the titan of the sporting apparel world was spawned from an idea not dissimilar to yours or mine — dissatisfaction of the status quo . Founded by track athlete Phil Knight , Knight turned his frustration with the available running shoes in the early 1970s into the billion dollar empire it is today . However it was no ‘ overnight success ’ . In his memoir Shoe Dog , Knight shares his struggles of the business in its startup years . “ The business simply could n’t support me . Though the company was on track to double sales for a fifth straight year , it still could n’t justify a salary for it ’s co-founder . ” Despite growing sales and team members across 13 States , Knight , still held a full-time job as a CPA accountant to pay the bills in his personal life.Consider Elon Musk and his brother Kimbal in the early days of building Zip2 , building a tech company in the mid 90 ’s with no funding . The Musk brothers lived on nothing but takeaway and slept in their office during the most difficult the first two years . “ Sometimes we ate four meals a day at Jack In The Box … It was open twenty-four hours , which suited our work schedule ” . They barely had enough money for internet , let alone paying themselves anything of a wage.I am not suggesting that you have to be a sadist or masochist to be an entrepreneur ( although it ’s likely that many are … ) . I am inferring that there are lifestyle trade-offs that you , as both an owner and CEO need to constantly make.What we know for certain is that it is highly unlikely you will be able to draw a ‘ market value ’ salary in your startup phase . You ca n’t bake your cake and eat it too.Your objective is to scale yourself from the business and it ’s unlikely your business will have the resources to take a market value present income , whilst investing into what the business needs to be self sustaining.If paying yourself a market salary first is your priority , then perhaps you ’re better suited to freelancing or contracting.The art is finding the balance that gives you both the present income to support the lifestyle you need , whilst still providing the business with funds to fuel healthy growth.So , what ’s a realistic , happy middle-ground ? To help you quantify this , I offer you this methodology we ’ve termed “ lifestyle break-even ” . Bake your cake and eat a slice too — Lifestyle break-evenYou may be familiar with business term ‘ break-even point ’ which calculates the number of sales to be made , ( in dollars or units ) , before all the business expenses are covered and profit begins . The way to calculate this is dividing your fixed overhead expenses by your gross profit margins.Business break even = Fixed overhead expenses / ( Gross Profit margin ) Business break-even example : Say an Ecommerce business has $ 37,500 of monthly fixed operating expenses which includes the founder ’s salary of $ 5,000 per month . It makes 50 % gross profit on every sale.The business break-even point is calculated as : Break-even = $ 37,500 / ( 50 % ) Break-even sales per month = $ 75,000 Knowing your business break-even point is vital , and serves it ’s purpose from a business accounting perspective . But , for the purposes of understanding the balancing act between personal and business cashflow , it is flawed . Why ? Firstly , the salary being drawn from the business is probably really low , which skews the business break-even point calculation . And secondly , it does n’t factor your personal expenses outside of your business.What we need is a break-even calculation which considers both business and personal lifestyle expenses . Referred to as lifestyle break-even . How to calculate itStep 1 : Review your personal bank and credit card statements for the last month and tally your spending into these four categories : Housing — rent/mortgageFood and entertainmentTransportHealth , childcare and educationIf you feel that your last month was an odd month , tally up 3 months then find a monthly average . The outcome of this process is to calculate your monthly lifestyle expenses.After totalling your monthly lifestyle expenses , add a 30 % margin to factor for taxes and safety net.Step 2 : Deduct your current monthly salary from the monthly overhead costs of your business.Step 3 : Add the lifestyle expenses to your overhead expenses and use this value to calculate your lifestyle break-even . Lifestyle break-even exampleStep 1 : calculate total monthly lifestyle expenses , including the 30 % margin : Step 2 : Deduct your monthly current salary from total business overhead costs of your business . — Business operating expenses : $ 37,500 per month — Less founders salary : ( $ 5,000 ) per month — Adjusted business overhead costs : $ 32,500 per month — Add : Lifestyle expenses : $ 9,100 per month — Total : Business and lifestyle expenses $ 41,600 per monthThe recalculated business break even point is calculated as : Lifestyle Break-even = $ 41,600 / ( 50 % ) Lifestyle Break-even sales per month = $ 83,200 per monthHaving a lifestyle break-even point provides a guide of the minimum sales required to cover your current lifestyle . It represents a target of how much sales you should generate before reinvesting the surplus profit back into the business for growth and hiring , whilst maintaining a satisfactory lifestyle outside of the business.Naturally , a couple of 25 year old founders like the Musk brothers , who can live on practically nothing , will have a comparatively low lifestyle break-even point . This is a competitive advantage as it allows for more capital to reinvest back into growth.Interrogate every personal expense and question if you really need it . You ’d be surprised with what little ‘ luxuries ’ you can do without.One last important thing to note , this lifestyle breakeven calculation assumes just for 1 founder . If there are more than one of you in the business , you will need to cater for them as well!Mind the chicken scratch ; ) We recently ran this methodology with a handful of our clients . I found it helped to re-frame the founder ’s mentality of living a comfortable life presently , whilst thinking about long term wealth creation.I believe it ’s the middle ground between Warren Buffet 's long-term Value Investing principles and Tim Ferriss ’ Lifestyle Design.Bake your cake , and eat a slice too.If you ’d like us to go through this exercise with you , or even chat more about the methodology — feel free to reach out.Hit me up : jason@smartbooksonline.com.auFor future content like this sent straight to your inbox , subscribe to our email list here .	Lifestyle Break-even — bake your cake and eat a slice too
Here ’s a grim picture of the state of the American economy : The CEO of Dollar General explained to the Wall Street Journal why things are looking up for his company . Dollar General , with about 14,000 stores across the country and a $ 22 billion market value , targets customers making $ 40,000 a year or less . They are expanding , CEO Todd Vasos told the Journal . Why ? “ The economy is continuing to create more of our core customer , ” Vasos said . This is how he described the typical Dollar General customer : “ Does n’t look at her pantry or her refrigerator and say , ‘ You know , I ’m going to be out of ketchup in the next few days . I ’m going to order a few bottles . The core customer uses the last bit of ketchup at the table the night prior , and either on her way to work or on her way home picks up one bottle . ” More from the WSJ feature , which you should read in full : The retailer relies on rapid store openings to keep revenue climbing and investors happy ; 2016 marked its 27th consecutive year of sales growth in stores open at least a year . While many large retailers are closing locations , Dollar General executives said they planned to build thousands more stores , mostly in small communities that have otherwise shown few signs of the U.S. economic recovery . The more the rural U.S. struggles , company officials said , the more places Dollar General has found to prosper . “ The economy is continuing to create more of our core customer , ” Chief Executive Todd Vasos said in an interview at the company ’s Goodlettsville , Tenn. , headquarters . “ We are putting stores today [ in areas ] that perhaps five years ago were just on the cusp of probably not being our demographic , ” he said , “ and it has now turned to being our demographic . ” As I recently recapped , income inequality has been growing for decades in America , with the biggest gains accumulating at the top and the middle class facing stagnation . Meanwhile , Congress just passed a tax bill that features a massive corporate tax cut and individual tax breaks that independent analyses say would favor the wealthy while eventually , without further intervention by a future Congress , result in a tax increase on the poorest Americans .	The Dollar General CEO just accidentally made clear how screwed up the economy is
If you have chronically dry hair , it may be time to evaluate whether your shampoo is working for you . The best shampoos for dry hair still get hair clean , but they wo n't strip your hair or scalp of vital moisture . It 's important to note that your shampoo may not be the only culprit behind your dry hair : Changes in weather ( like humidity or cold temperatures ) , water quality , and heat styling can easily contribute to dry hair . Still , it ’s a much easier task to switch up your shampoo than to try to change weather patterns . All it takes is a little bit of investigation and knowing your own hair to find a great shampoo that wo n’t leave you high and dry . Keep in mind that , just because your hair is dry , it does n't mean you should cut out shampooing all together . If your scalp is n't cleansed , dirt , oil , sweat , and pollutants can lead to itchiness and flaking . Different hair textures surely have different needs , but there ’s literally a hair cleansing product out there for everyone — drier hair included.If you think you 've tried everything out there , it might be time to look beyond the drugstore . There are tons of lesser-known brands creating innovative products , and these seven shampoos are some of the best at gently cleansing dry hair .1 A pH-Balanced Shampoo For Over-Processed Hair This natural shampoo is a great option for folks that regularly process their hair with perms and relaxers . It does n't alter the appearance of your preferred look and it gives your hair a break in between treatments so you can restore it ’s natural soft , texture . And it 's also great for all hair types that are in need of restoration . Made with pine , spring water , chamomile , and almonds , this is an incredible natural option for over-processed , thirsty hair . 2A Thirst Quenching ‘ Poo-less Rinse For Natural , Afro-Textured Hair If you 've embraced the no-poo lifestyle , this apple cider vinegar rinse is a great alternative to basic shampoos . ACV has natural anti-fungal properties and it 's great at removing dirt , oil , and product buildup without leaving the hair dry . In fact , you ’ll likely notice a softness to your curls after using . Natural First 's ACV rinse is made with oolong tea to help stimulate growth by filling your ‘ fro up its natural antioxidants . The consistency of the rinse makes it amazing for washing with braids and twists — it ’s perfect for longer-hair lengths that prefer to wash in protective styles . 3A Soothing , Fragrance-Free Shampoo For Dry Hair &amp; Sensitive Scalps If your hair is dry , your scalp may be , too . This soapberry shampoo will provide an ultra-soothing cleansing experience , leaving your hair clean , refreshed , and soft . Notably , this ' poo uses soapberry , a natural foaming ingredient that works up a lather without the same harshness sulfates . It ’s formulated with chamomile , a calming antiseptic herb that ’s great for cleansing a sensitive scalp , and aloe vera which is rich in protective , moisturizing antioxidants . Together , they work to cleanse and reverse dryness .	The 7 Best Shampoos For Dry Hair
I ’ve been considered an adult by law for about … carry the one … combine like terms … 9 years , 9 months , and 28 days . That ’s 27 years of seemingly ( in ) significant existence , for my fellow remedial math students.As I approach my 10-year “ Adultiversary ” , I am beginning to realize that I have no idea what I ’m doing . Society generally gives most people a six to seven year window in their 20s to amount to shit . You get an eight-year window if you ’re good looking . I fear that my boyish good looks are finally wearing off.Because people are starting to ask me tough questions like , “ Did you watch Dateline last night ? ” I did , actually . Shit was bananas . But that ’s not the point !! I thought I had more time.This morning , I woke up at 5:30 AM , ( it ’s a time that apparently exists before 6:00 AM ) to get ready to go to a place that pays me a minuscule amount of its total revenue in exchange for 40 hours of weekly servitude.I use that minuscule amount to pay rent for an apartment , that spikes + $ 25 every year , because , The Powers That Be ( ™ ) know that the only thing worse than the apartment market is the housing market . Yeah , sure , homelessness sucks , tooCongratulations , Baby Boomers you have successfully destroyed the world for future generations !! Can you imagine the conversations I ’m going to have with future generations ? “ You should consider yourself lucky that there are no more schools or civilization , Ja’Darius . ” Back in my day , we had to take out subsidized predatory loans to go to college ” And has anyone seen the prices of avocados lately ? Want to know the real reason why they ’re so expensive ? Because white people use them as toast spread now.Whew ! Who left this soapbox here?Fun Fact : I do n’t know how to swim or play Yahtzee!I ’m actually content with not knowing how to play Yahtzee . It ’s the Raisin Bran Crunch of board games . “ Hey , let ’s play Yahtzee ! ” said , no one ever . But not knowing how to swim ? Come on ! Fucking babies can swim ! Literal shit floats ! Me ? Well , not so much.When I ’m not slaving for the man or drowning in the shallow end of the kiddie pool , I ’m on the internet — listening to 90s R&amp;B or Googling shit like , “ Can I get someone pregnant with my precum ” . You ca n’t , by the way . Do n’t believe me ? Stop right here and Google it . Nah . It ’s cool . I ’ll wait … See ! Told you.The only people who actually believe that are the people who tell you that eating raw cookie dough ups the risk of salmonella poisoning . These are the same people who pour A1 sauce on the carcasses of bloody cows . These are also the same nasty people who do n’t wash their hands after touching their genitalia . These are not people who I ’m interested in getting a lesson in ethics or pull out practices from.In short , Adulthood is essentially a carousel . Only the carousel music has been replaced by Hoobastank songs and the horses are trying to eat you . Do n’t grow up , kids . A life of performing monotonous regimens in the hopes of survival awaits you . Then you die.I suppose the one great thing I ’ve accomplished is not bringing a life into this wretched world . I ’m also a drug free D.A.R.E. program graduate . But that ’s only due to extenuating circumstances . Those circumstances being that drugs are expensive . And there ’s also a little passage in my HR policy about being drug free that I signed.I hate to end my writings on a bleak note . So I will muster the strength from that peanut butter and jelly sandwich I ate for lunch . Do n’t feel sorry for me . I was just too lazy to pack anything else for lunch . I ’m poor , but I ’m not like , poor poor . There ’s a difference.I guess what I really mean when I say , “ fuck this adult shit ” is that I wonder sometimes if the world I inherited has already seen its best of days.La ’ Dennis The Menace to Society is not amusedWhat more do you want from me ! ! Well , that was hopefulThis guy gets it !	Fuck This Adult Shit
What happened Shares of the clinical-stage biotech Endocyte ( NASDAQ : ECYT ) briefly rose by as much as 16 % Monday on more than double the average daily volume . The catalyst ? Investors appear to have noticed a flurry of activity in the January 2018 option chain for both Endocyte 's out-of-the-money Calls and Puts , implying that the stock may be gearing up for a sizable move . As this activity was n't accompanied by a material event , though investors -- or more likely day traders -- have since sold this " news . " Endocyte 's shares are currently down by 5.57 % as of 3:30 p.m. EDT as a result . So what Option chains can sometimes provide key insights into a stock 's future movements -- especially when the volume ramps up one specific side of the ledger ( Calls vs. Puts ) . Based on Endocyte 's recent options activity , however , an investor appears to be engaging in a more complex options strategy such a so-called " iron butterfly " that is n't necessarily tied to a specific direction . As such , investors buying or selling Endocyte 's common stock probably should n't read too much into this spike in activity in the company 's underlying options chain . Now what Putting Endocyte 's options to the side for the moment , investors in this stock should remain squarely focused on the clinical development of the company 's lead program , PSMA-617 , for metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer . The reality is that PSMA-617 remains several years away from a possible regulatory filing , and as such , Endocyte will need to raise a sizable amount of capital well before this transformational event . That 's why I 'm content to watch this intriguing clinical-stage biotech from the safety of the sidelines for the time being .	Why Endocyte , Inc . Stock Briefly Spiked Today
Even for Donald Trump , this tweet was a doozy . On Friday , Trump 's former national security adviser pled guilty to lying to the FBI . That alone is a big deal , but the real bombshell was that Michael Flynn had agreed as part of a plea deal to work with the FBI in its investigation into Russia 's attempts to swing the 2016 U.S. election . The next day , a tweet appeared about the news : If Flynn 's plea was the shot , Trump 's tweet was the chaser . It indicated that the president knew that Flynn had lied to the FBI — a serious crime — when he pushed then-FBI director James Comey to drop the investigation into Flynn . Trump fired Flynn in February , claiming that Flynn had lied to Vice President Mike Pence , but the FBI wrinkle was n't part of the picture . Trump then fired Comey in May , a move that immediately sparked accusations that Trump had committed obstruction of justice — a charge that both Richard Nixon and Bill Clinton faced as part of their impeachment hearings . By firing Comey , many reasoned , Trump had tried to scuttle the FBI investigation into Flynn . After the Comey firing , Robert Mueller was named special counsel to oversee the ongoing investigation . Trump and his lawyers have , of course , denied that the president did anything to interfere with the investigation . Saturday 's tweet , however , provided an important bit of evidence . If Trump knew Flynn had broken the law , it becomes even harder to believe Trump was not purposefully interfering in the investigation — particularly as Comey has said the president referenced Flynn by name in pushing him to end the Russia inquiry . Trump 's camp has been doing damage control on this . On Sunday , his personal lawyer John Dowd claimed that he wrote the tweet and that someone other than Trump posted it . The move appeared to be an effort to distance the tweet from Trump , casting doubt on whether the president knew Flynn had broken the law when he pushed Comey to end the Russia investigation . This has led to questions about whether the tweet really could be used in a case against Trump . Here are the key questions with some expert insight : Can tweets be used in legal proceedings ? The answer here is a clear yes . Tweets have already been used in plenty of cases , including against Trump — particularly in relation to his attempts at issuing travel bans on certain Muslim-majority countries . Even deleted tweets have been used in court cases . With Twitter , the main challenge is to show that the account belongs to a particular person , according to Alex Whiting , a law professor at Harvard University and a former prosecutor at the International Criminal Court . That 's not an issue when it comes to Trump . What is , though , is figuring out if what Trump says on Twitter , in a public space , matches what he says in private . Noah Feldman , also a Harvard professor , wrote on Bloomberg that the tweet alone probably would n't be enough to prove in an impeachment trial that Trump knew of Flynn 's lies to the FBI . " What ’s needed to prove what Trump actually knew and the basis for his motivations when firing Flynn ca n’t be gleaned from this public format . To prove a crime , including a high crime , we need access to the alleged criminal ’s private thoughts at the time of action . That can come in the form of testimony from confidants , contemporaneous emails or messages , or even inference from conduct . A tweet does n’t qualify , " Feldman wrote . The tweet is certainly admissible , but Trump 's lawyers could try to claim it was just an erroneous thought . Plus , as Whiting noted , what really matters is whether a jury finds tweets significant , in general . " Maybe it ’s easier to explain away because Twitter , but it would be for the jury to decide . There is no per se rule that Twitter statements can not be used to prove intent in a criminal case , " Whiting wrote in an email . Does it matter if Trump did n't draft or send the tweet ? It does matter if Trump had any hand in sending the tweet , but it might also not matter — especially since Trump has not come out and denied the tweet . Let 's run through a few scenarios here as posited by Whiting . Trump wrote and sent the tweet : The tweet would clearly then be attributed to Trump . Trump 's lawyer wrote the tweet , Trump approved it : Trump is still at fault here . " If his lawyer wrote it , then Trump tweeted it , that 's equivalent to him saying it . There 's no difference , " Whiting said . Trump 's lawyer wrote the tweet , someone else tweeted it , Trump never saw it : This does give Trump some cover , but Whiting noted that since Trump has not denied that he knew Flynn had lied to the FBI and the tweet is still up , that could constitute him " adopting " the statement . " If he does n't delete it from his Twitter account or correct it , then it could be argued that he has adopted it that way . By his actions and silence , he 's adopted it , " Whiting said . One reason Trump may have not pushed back against the tweet is that it 's true . Both the Washington Post and CNN have reported that Trump 's White House lawyer told the president in January that he believed Flynn had lied to the FBI . What if Trump 's lawyer is lying ? If Trump 's lawyer is lying , Mueller may well be able to find out . There 's already rampant speculation that the special prosecutor will subpoena Dowd to get to the bottom of the tweet . That gives Mueller another opportunity to either push for crucial information about what the president knows , or catch another Trump associate in a lie . Is Trump even worried about this ? It 's hard to know what exactly is on Trump 's mind at any particular moment , but it looked clear on Monday morning that the president has been worried about the obstruction argument . Dowd , the lawyer who said he drafted the tweet in question , told Axios that a president ca n't obstruct justice " because he is the chief law enforcement officer ... and has every right to express his view of any case . " That point was n't taken very seriously by legal analysts other than as an indication that Saturday 's tweet , and the ensuing fallout , are weighing on the president 's mind .	Yes , Donald Trump 's tweet about Michael Flynn is a legal liability
NEW YORK ( CBS/AP ) — The Dollar Menu is making a McComeback . McDonald ’s said Monday that it is reviving the name of the once-popular value menu next month after a two-year absence , but this time the items will cost $ 1 , $ 2 or $ 3 . Offering cheap eats has become a winning strategy for the world ’s largest hamburger chain , and a way to fight off other low-priced chains . In October , it attributed a rise in a key sales figure during the third quarter to its $ 1 sodas and a two-for - $ 5 promotion called McPick 2 . And as more people visited its restaurants for deals , McDonald ’s said some also bought pricier burgers stuffed with crispy onions or guacamole , which helped sales . McDonald ’s dumped the original Dollar Menu , with items costing $ 1 , about four years ago as franchisees complained that their profits were squeezed by a rise in ingredient costs . But the move hurt sales as customers went elsewhere for low-priced fast food . In 2013 , it launched the Dollar Menu &amp; More , with items costing as much as $ 5 , but discontinued it about two years ago and replaced it with the McPick 2 . The “ $ 1 $ 2 $ 3 Dollar Menu ” will become a permanent part of the McDonald ’s nationwide menu starting Jan. 4 , the Oak Brook , Illinois-based company said . It tested other names , but customers liked the Dollar Menu one best , said Chris Kempczinski , who oversees McDonald ’s Corp. ’s U.S. business . “ It ’s something that still resonates , ” he said . Here ’s how the new menu breaks down : $ 1 : - Sausage Burrito-McChicken-Cheeseburger-Any Size Soft Drink - Sausage McGriddles-2-piece Buttermilk Crispy Tenders-Bacon McDouble-Small McCafé Beverage - Sausage McMuffin with Egg-NEW Classic Chicken Sandwich-Triple Cheeseburger-Happy Meal	McDonald ’s Dollar Menu Is Coming Back
NEW YORK ( AP ) — A Brazilian businessman testified on Monday that he participated in a bribery scheme to buy the influence of FIFA soccer officials to win commercial rights to major tournaments , a decision he later regretted . " I made a mistake , " Jose " Jota " Hawilla said at the U.S. conspiracy trial of three former South American soccer officials . " I committed an error , and I regret it very much . " Hawilla , founder of the Traffic Group marketing firm , became the latest cooperator to take the witness stand after pleading guilty in the sprawling investigations of FIFA , the sport 's governing body.Testifying in Portuguese through an interpreter , he described how his marketing business and two other firms joined forces to pay a $ 10 million bribe to Jeffrey Webb , then a FIFA vice president and president of CONCACAF , the governing body for soccer in North America , Central America and the Caribbean , to help secure the rights for the Copa America in 2016 . The New York jury also heard recordings made by Hawilla after he agreed to cooperate with the FBI and wear a wire . One tape captured a meeting with Hugo and Mariano Jinkis , a father and son who ran the Argentina-based firm Full Play , where they discussed bribing presidents of various national soccer federations . " I want to co-exist with and make all the presidents rich , " Mariano Jinkis said , according to a transcript of the tape.When Hawilla told the father and the son that he wanted to withdraw from the scheme and make his company " clean " again so he could sell it , the son said he did n't want to partner with anyone else who did n't understand that bribes , or " payoffs , " as he called them , were business as usual . " There will always be payoffs , " he said . " There will be payoffs forever . " Hugo and Mariano Jinkis are among the more than 40 people and entities charged in the FIFA probe . Last year , an Argentine judge denied a U.S. extradition request for the pair , citing the fact that they were already being prosecuted there.On trial in federal court in Brooklyn are Angel Napout , former president of Paraguay 's soccer federation ; Manuel Burga , the former head of Peru 's soccer federation ; and Jose Maria Marin , the former president of Brazil 's soccer federation . All have pleaded not guilty to racketeering conspiracy , wire fraud conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy .	Brazilian businessman details FIFA bribery at US trial
The FBI issued more than 4,000 orders last year to the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and Explosives for agents to seize guns from people who failed background checks , a report says . An extensive review of federal records by USA Today found that the retrieval requests reached a 10-year high — thanks in large part to the FBI ’s National Instant Criminal Background Check System , which conducted a record 27.5 million background checks in 2016 . While the number of successful gun seizures is unclear , similar operations in years past have resulted in a fairly high recovery rate . The spike is surprising , though , seeing how seeing how Air Force veteran Devin Kelley managed to purchase the semi-automatic rifle that he used in his Texas church massacre — despite having a prior conviction for domestic assault — in April 2016 . Gun owners who were targeted by the feds were either barred from purchasing a firearm due to their criminal backgrounds , mental health issues or other various problems . “ These are people who should n’t have weapons in the first place , and it just takes one to do something that could have tragic consequences , ” former ATF official David Chipman told USA Today . “ You do n’t want ATF to stand for ‘ after the fact . ' ” The FBI launched an internal probe last month of its criminal background data check system after the Air Force admitted that it failed to disclose Kelley ’s conviction . In total , the FBI referred 4,170 gun purchases to the ATF last year for seizure — up from the 2,892 requests that were made in 2015 . A review of 125 transactions made between 2008 and 2014 found that 116 , or roughly 93 percent , of the guns that were bought were later recovered .	FBI tried seizing thousands of guns from people who failed background checks
An unlikely friendship that formed between a 22-year-old man and an 80-year-old woman has broken the internet with its wholesomeness . After playing more that 300 games together on Words With Friends , Spencer Sleyon and his opponent Rosalind met IRL in Florida on Friday . It was visible proof that strangers on the internet that come from completely different walks of life with different views can make a positive impact on each other and the world . While their friendship is heartwarming in itself , their interaction has made a positive impact on countless people — a little bit of hope for the internet which is typically filled with trolling , hate , arguments , and digital pitchforks . After meeting up , Sleyon tweeted his story with some photos , which has since racked up more than 1 million likes . Reached by phone on Monday , Sleyon , who is from Maryland but now resides in East Harlem , explained how a simple game of Words With Friends turned into a heartwarming story heard around the word . Sleyon installed the app ( which is basically a Scrabble ripoff that lets you play with your friends ) in June of 2016 . But that app also has a random matchmaking feature , which allows you to play with another lonely word nerd . Sleyon matched with 80-year-old Rosalind , who lives in Florida , and the two played back and forth for a bit . After a game is finished , you can choose to rematch with the same person , and the two continued their game of Words . The app also has a chat feature , and Sleyon says that two eventually made contact . Image : SPENCER SLEYONSleyon says that their chats were n't very deep . " We used to chat , but nothing too personal . We never got too personal , " he said . The two played until December of 2016 , and then Sleyon got busy , so he says he uninstalled the app . He later moved to New York City , and started hanging out with his friend Hannah Butler . Her mother , Amy Butler is a pastor at Riverside Church in Manhattan , and she became interested in the story , and wanted to write a sermon on the story for her church . So Sleyon re-installed the app , and Rosalind was still there , waiting to play some Words with her old opponent . " The crazy thing was how on and off it was , " Sleyon explained , noting that the two had a huge break in their gaming spree . After reaching out to Rosalind and giving the sermon , Pastor Amy decided to do something special , and arranged for the two to meet in Florida , funded by the church . Sleyon and Amy hopped on a plane on Thursday , and were set to meet with Rosalind on Friday . When Sleyon left his hotel room to meet up Friday morning , he had no idea that Rosalind was waiting in the hotel lobby . Pastor Amy was ready though , and snapped this photo of the two meeting for the first time . Image : SPENCER SLEYON " I 'd never spoken to her or heard her voice , " Sleyon said . " She was spunky , witty , full of life . " The two hung out all day , had some lunch and saw some of the sights in West Palm Beach , including Trump 's Mar-a-Lago resort . " I gave it the finger , " Sleyon said with a laugh . As you probably guessed , he leans left , while Rosalind is more conservative . " In 2016 I thought we were on the same page [ politically ] but I learned later that she was not . I put that past me because I knew Rosalind before her political views and I was n't gon na let that change [ us ] , " Sleyon said when asked about their political differences . While two opposites befriending each other at a time of political turmoil in the United States , Sleyon says that their meeting was not focused around politics , and their political differences should not be the main takeaway . Additionally , some reports claimed that Sleyon did not know Rosalind was an older white woman . He set the record straight , saying , " I knew I was playing an old white woman . I knew . " Image : SPENCER SLEYONBefore taking off on the plane Sleyon tweeted a his story along with some photos . As he flew back to New York , the story started to take off , but he was n't aware until he landed . " Before I took off it had 200 likes . When we landed and I got service again it had 17,000 likes . I said to Amy , ' I think we just went viral . ' " Though their meeting was short , it clearly left a lasting impression , and the two have since become Facebook friends , and continue to play Words with Friends with each other . Sleyon described the experience as " 10 out of 10 " and seemed genuinely happy the two had the opportunity to hang out for the day . As for the competition though , Sleyon wanted to make it clear that he was clearly the better player . " Is that even a question ? It was me full blown . Do n't get me wrong , she is nice . "	The sweet story of how a 22-year-old met an 81-year-old woman on ' Words with Friends '
Carolyn Aronson is prepping for a fight . We are standing below the vaulted ceilings of her South Florida mansion , between the kitchen and the fully stocked bar , as her makeup artist puts on her final touches . In a few hours , Aronson will be cage-side with her husband , Jeff , CEO of Titan FC ( think of it as Minor League Baseball for the Ultimate Fighting Championship ) , at a title fight featuring Jose “ Shorty ” Torres — a diminutive but impossibly tough scrapper out of Chicago . A fan favorite , Torres will draw an enthusiastic crowd to the Pembroke Pines Civic Center , and Aronson knows she will be on display beneath the bright , hot lights . ( Left ) She ’s a 10 accommodates 10 to 12 guests in five staterooms , including two with king berths , two with doubles plus a single , and a master suite on the upper deck . ( Right ) Carolyn Aronson is the sole proprietor of It ’s a 10 and owner of the yacht She 's a 10 . Tom Serio / Bill Doster Aronson is no stranger to scrapping , or to being on display — in fact , both of those things have been elemental in her life . Born in Puerto Rico into a large and economically struggling family , her given name was Iris Ernesta Reyes . She was put up for adoption as a baby , and eventually joined a family in suburban Michigan that she describes as “ basically the Cleavers . ” In her new American life , she was called Carolyn Plummer , and hers would be a rags-to-riches tale . Aronson knew from a very young age that she wanted to work with hair , and she spent 20 years as a stylist and salon owner before founding the hair-products company It ’s a 10 in 2007 . The company soon took off thanks in part to Aronson ’s celebrity ties — support from actress Gabrielle Union , who has been quoted as saying she “ swears by ” Aronson ’s products , was particularly helpful . Today , ­Aronson is the sole proprietor of It ’s a 10 , and she justifiably revels in her success . Case in point : her yacht , a 164-foot , Jon Bannenberg-designed Oceanfast that commands eyeballs in South Florida . The nameplate reads She ’s a 10 . The mega-yacht , which served as Yachting ’s home base during the 2017 edition of Yachts Miami Beach , launched in 1988 and was refitted in 2013 . She has a top speed of 28 knots thanks to triple 2,400 hp MTU 16V 2000 M93s . Guests might witness some exotic animals while on She 's a 10 's charter . Courtesy Worth Avenue Yachts Aronson was n’t into yachting before she purchased She ’s a 10 , but now the businesswoman most definitely has the bug . A hands-on ­learner — she credits her knack for creating successful hair-care products to having “ touched hundreds of heads ” — she wants to know every little detail about her boat . She says one of her favorite spaces is the engine room that houses those monster MTUs , not a particularly common sentiment among owners in this size range . When Aronson is aboard She ’s a 10 ( usually in South ­Florida and the Bahamas ) , she is often surrounded by friends , simply enjoying the yachting life . And many of those friends , she claims , are hip-hop luminaries . Lorena Cartagena , who is married to Grammy Award-nominated rapper Fat Joe , is particularly close with Aronson . Interestingly enough , both the yacht and hip hop played a role in bringing Aronson and her husband together . As he tells it , when the two met , he mentioned to his future wife that he had a boat , a 40-foot Cabo , but that he could n’t drive it . She responded that she , too , had a boat , and that she could n’t drive hers ­either . He thought nothing more of it , though he did keep thinking about her , and he cut a trip to Costa Rica short and hopped a fast flight home for their second date , which he says she had described as “ a party on her boat . ” To that end , Mrs. Aronson tells me with a laugh , “ I always call it ‘ the boat , ’ never ‘ the yacht . ’ It ’s just something I say . ” Suffice it to say , he was more than a little surprised when he pulled up to the dock and found out that the reason she did n’t drive her “ boat ” was because it displaced a cool 496 gross tons . Where ’s the hip hop in their story , you ask ? Aronson says that little get-together she had mentioned was studded with some of the biggest names in the industry . She ’s a 10 counts two 19-foot Novurania tenders with 60 hp Yamaha engines and two Yamaha WaveRunners among her cache of water toys . Courtesy Worth Avenue Yachts And for the Aronsons , the rest was history . The night after the Titan FC fight ( Torres won despite breaking his hand early on ) is the Waterway Soiree at the Bahia Mar Yachting Center in Fort Lauderdale . The event , which raises money for the Children ’s Diagnostic &amp; Treatment Center , includes a yacht hop and an auction , followed by dinner aboard the participating yachts , then a party cruise to cap it all off . Aronson donated use of She ’s a 10 for this year ’s soiree , and she arrives fashionably late and smothered in diamonds , with her husband and Cartagena in tow . Her makeup is again professionally perfected , and her shiny black hair is perhaps the ultimate advertisement for her brand . During the auction , she stands near the front of the crowd , claps long and loud for each winning bid ( nearly as loudly as she applauded at the fight ) and encourages the rest of the party-goers to give more . Aronson bids as hard and nearly as often as she claps . At one point , the bidding to help a child with special-needs dentistry stalls at $ 2,500 , and just as it ’s about to be finalized , Aronson yells out , “ $ 5,000 ! ” Her husband turns to her , wide-eyed , and says , “ I was about to bid , and you bump it up to five grand ! ” She ’s a 10 charters in the Bahamas with Worth Avenue Yachts at a lowest weekly base rate of $ 110,000 for 12 guests . Courtesy Worth Avenue Yachts “ I like teeth , ” she replies with a shrug . Then she beams . After the auction , as we walk along the dock to her yacht for dinner , she confides that she once bought her handyman new teeth too , a donation that helped him land a new girlfriend . “ The way I see it , ” she says , “ if you climb the wall , you reach back down and help the next one up . ” A short time later , aboard She ’s a 10 , we sit down to a three-course meal with wine pairings highlighted by a sumptuous short-rib main prepared by the yacht ’s chef . The conversation meanders from topic to topic and ­ultimately lands on mixed martial arts . Aronson says she likes going to the fights : “ You know , at first I thought it was a little gruesome . Sitting front row , you feel like you ’re going to get splattered sometimes . But then I got into it a little bit . When I really got into it , though , is when I saw the women fight . The men go out there and they ’re calculating , they work slow and maybe throw one big punch in the first round , looking for a knockout . But when the women go out , it ’s no-holds-barred , and they just go at it as hard and heavy as they possibly can . They ’re relentless . Women really go all out . ” Steve Mallory designed the Oceanfast ’s interior . Liz Dawes Ordoñez She 's a 10 is 164 ' LOA with a beam of 30 ' 5 " . Liz Dawes Ordoñez The same , of course , could be said for Aronson . Her enthusiastic giving at the Waterways event is far from the only time she ’s made a splash through generosity . Most recently , during the Miss America pageant ( It ’s a 10 is the official sponsor of the 2018 competition ) , Aronson announced a product giveaway so all women could “ feel great about their hair . ” Her company reportedly gave out more than 60,000 free samples . Aronson told reporters that she felt compelled to do something substantial in the face of trying times — as of press time her home state was still digging out from under Hurricane Irma . Yes , Aronson knows how to prep for a fight , and by most accounts , she ’s winning . She 's a 10 's interior includes lots of natural light and cream-colored fabrics in the salon . Liz Dawes Ordoñez	Inside Mega-yacht She 's a 10
CryptoKitties has taken the world by storm , both among crypto holders and entering into the mainstream , and its proving what we at WAX have been saying all along — digital trading in the gaming industry will drive global mass adoption of cryptocurrencies , to the point where the volume of transactions requires a custom blockchain solution like the one that WAX is building using the $ 80 million raised during the token generation event.CryptoKitties is a game where users buy , sell and breed digital cats using ERC20 tokens . It ’s been responsible for up to 15 % of all transactions on the Ethereum blockchain . This instant virality of this game shows the power and impact of digital item trading within video games compared to other use cases for crypto currency.When WAX launches to the millions of users on OPSkins as well as other sites , we expect the number of weekly transactions to be in the hundreds of thousands just to start with , since OPSkins currently processes 2 million item transactions per week on its current centralized platform ( read this article to learn why OPSkins customers have an immediate incentive to use WAX tokens after its launched ) . The Ethereum blockchain would be overloaded , since nearly 700,000 Ethereum transactions occur daily.That ’s why WAX is building a custom blockchain . The predicted virality and subsequent transactional volume would overload the ETH blockchain , and so a custom solution is necessary.When WAX is first issued in December 2017 , it will be an ERC20 Token . But as explained in this article , in 2018 a custom blockchain token will be issued and given to holders of the ERC20 token 1:1 . The custom blockchain token will support the anticipated transactional volume without overloading the ETH blockchain . And as proven by the popularity of CryptoKitties , a digital items token for video games is going to require it .	Cats . Mass adoption of blockchain technology ’s first real breakthrough is a game about cats .
MOSCOW ( AFP ) - Russian prosecutors on Monday called for a 10-year prison sentence for former economy minister Alexei Ulyukayev who is accused of extorting a $ 2 million bribe from a close ally of President Vladimir Putin . " I ask you to find Alexei Ulyukayev guilty , " prosecutor Boris Neporozhny said in a Moscow court , asking for a 10-year prison sentence and a fine of 500 million rubles ( $ 8.5 million ) . " The guilt of the defendant in receiving a bribe is completely proven . " Ulyukayev was arrested last year while still a minister , allegedly caught red-handed in a sting operation to greenlight the acquisition by state oil giant Rosneft of a stake in oil company Bashneft.He is the highest-ranking official arrested during Putin 's 17 years in power.Prosecutor Neporozhny accused Ulyukayev , who has spoken out against state intervention in the economy , of extorting $ 2 million from Rosneft chief Igor Sechin , who is a confidante of Putin , and is considered by many to be the second-most powerful man in Russia.Sechin has refused to appear as a witness in the trial despite being summoned repeatedly , citing his busy schedule.Ulyukayev has denied the charges , saying he has been framed . He says he accepted a basket from Sechin which he thought contained wine and other gifts.Neporozhny accused the former economy minister of showing Sechin two fingers in an apparent code for $ 2 million . " You personally took the bag with $ 2 million intended as a bribe , " he said , adding that the former minister " tried to present himself as a victim of a provocation . " The prosecutor insisted that Ulyukayev had extorted the bribe despite not needing anything and " rolling in money . " In Russia , trials almost always end in a conviction.Ulyukayev 's arrest stunned the country 's liberal elites , with Putin sacking him as economy minister in the wake of his detention.Sechin became one of the most influential figures in Russia after building up Rosneft into the world 's largest publicly traded oil company .	Russian prosecutors call for 10-year sentence for ex-economy minister
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina ( AP ) — U.S and Russian ships carrying remotely operated vehicles capable of deep seafloor searches are joining other vessels hunting for an Argentine submarine that went missing in the South Atlantic 19 days ago , the navy said Monday.An explosion occurred near the time and place where the ARA San Juan disappeared Nov. 15 . The navy says it is no longer looking for survivors although a multinational operation continues to search for the vessel , which had a crew of 44 . Navy spokesman Enrique Balbi said Russia 's Yantar oceanographic research ship would arrive in the search area Tuesday . The U.S. Atlantis research vessel is expected to arrive Saturday . They are equipped with deep submergence vehicles that allow them to examine undersea areas nearly 20,000 feet deep ( 6,000 meters ) . The ships will join five vessels from Argentina and a Chilean ship combing an area of some 1,500 square miles ( 4,000 square kilometers ) , where sonar detected three unidentified objects on the sea floor to see if they belong to the missing sub.The San Juan disappeared as it was sailing from the southernmost port of Ushuaia to the coastal city of Mar del Plata after a patrol.The navy has said the vessel 's captain reported that water entered the snorkel and caused one of the submarine 's batteries to short circuit . The captain later communicated by satellite phone that the problem had been contained , the navy says.Some hours later , an explosion was detected near the time and place where the San Juan was last heard from . Balbi has said the blast could have been triggered by a " concentration of hydrogen " caused by the battery problem reported by the captain.The German-built TR-1700 class submarine was commissioned in the 1980s and was most recently refitted between 2008 and 2014 . It was built by a subsidiary of Germany 's ThyssenKrupp that is no longer operational.Balbi said a group of navy officials who traveled to Germany last week to obtain more information about the design of the submarine had returned to Argentina . He said they will submit all documents to a local judge investigating the sub 's disappearance.The spokesman said the information gathered in Germany as well as information from an Argentine submarine from the same model that is under repair at a state-owned shipyard could help provide evidence to find out what happened to the San Juan.When asked if the refit of the submarine had been certified , Balbi said there are some processes that the Germany company might have been involved in and others where it was not . " But of those things that it certified , surely there must be a record . Everything was duly registered and I imagine that all these reports made on the activation of batteries and repairs will be subject to investigation , " he said , without providing more details .	US , Russia deep-search vessels join hunt for Argentine sub
Feeding the Bull : Tax Bill Pushes up Key S&amp;P , Dow SectorsThe Republican-controlled Senate finally managed to come together to pass a tax overhaul this past weekend . If the House and Senate can reconcile their separate versions of the bill , the result would be $ 1.4 trillion in tax cuts . But even before a final bill finds its way to the White House , there are some clear winners … In the stock market , at least.After plunging down to end the week following Michael Flynn ’s legal dramas , the Dow and S&amp;P set new records as expectations of corporate tax cuts were realized . The bill would slash corporate tax rates from 35 % to 20 % , theoretically boosting both hiring and pay.And while the markets as a whole were extremely happy , there were some clear winners here.BanksBig name banks such JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. ( JPM ) , Citigroup © , and Wells Fargo &amp; Co. ( WFC ) all saw share prices rise on the news . With promised faster economic growth comes loan portfolio expansion . As corporations find themselves with lower tax rates , many will look to take on more loans and expand their operations , which boosts banks in a big way.In addition , banks will benefit from a key provision to the base erosion anti-abuse tax ( BEAT ) stating that payments involving derivatives would no longer count towards the BEAT . Combined with lower tax rates for the financial institutions themselves , banks look like the clear winner in the tax reform bill.Oil and GasFor starters , the Fossil Fuels sector will benefit from the corporate tax cut more than other industries because of the recent struggles the industry has experienced . But more than that , the Senate plan opens part of Alaska ’s Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil and natural gas drilling . That move could produce more than $ 1 billion in revenue over the next decade according to lawmakers . Plus , to boost revenue in the short term , the tax overhaul may also increase sales from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve . The Senate ’s bill also fails to repeal the corporate alternative minimum tax , making Oil one of the bill ’s biggest winners.TechnologyThe tech industry comes out as a big winner if a bill passes . Both the House and Senate versions have provisions for a repatriation tax . Most of the big tech giants have more than 90 % of their total cash overseas . For Apple , Inc. , that number comes to more than $ 252 billion , with more than $ 3 trillion in total assets overseas for the industry as a whole . A one time repatriation tax would allow the companies to bring all their capital back to the U.S. for a fraction of what they ’d normally pay in taxes , saving tech companies hundreds of billions of dollars . The opportunity to drastically expand their domestic war chests at home makes tech companies a big winner in tax reform , regardless of which version is passed.PharmaceuticalsWith the corporate tax rate being slashed 15 % , drug and biotech companies are expected to become extremely active . While many industries will look to expand operations and increase both hiring and worker pay , the pharmaceutical industry is expected to use the lower tax rate for shareholder buybacks and dividends . And with billions more with which to work , the pharma industry should explode in a flurry of mergers and acquisitions.Other sectors that look to come out on top in the Senate ’s tax reform include telecom , industrials , and the retail industry.But not all sectors were winners with the Senate ’s reform . There was one notable loser … HealthcareThe biggest effect the Senate ’s bill has on the healthcare industry is the repeal of Obamacare ’s individual mandate . With Republicans being vocal about plans to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act , healthcare has come under fire . Now , with no mandate , hospitals will still see the same ( or more ) number of patients , but significantly more of them will be without insurance . The patients who will buy insurance are the ones who need it most . These patients are far more costly and demanding on hospitals . This means that hospitals will have to write off their unpaid bills as losses , making healthcare arguably the bill ’s biggest loser.There are vocal advocates and critics of the bill on both sides of the aisle . Whether the theoretical benefits of a corporate tax cut ( such as increased hiring and higher employee pay ) materialize , the stock market looks like the bull is being fed .	Feeding the Bull : Tax Bill Pushes up Key S&P , Dow Sectors
AN eerie image of a near-perfect sphere on the surface of Mars has got UFO hunters in a spin . Some believe the object is a cannonball-type projectile from an ancient Martian war . YouTube / What 's Up In The SkySkygazing conspiracy theorists say Nasa is trying to cover up evidence of intelligent life on the Red Planet — which this image is said to undoubtedly prove . Famous space detective Scott C Waring of UFO Sightings Daily said the ball is " 100 per cent evidence of a war on Mars . " YouTube / What 's Up In The SkyYouTube / What 's Up In The SkyHe wrote : " This projectile is sitting on the surface above all the wrecked stone structures around it . " Fragments of a civilisation is sitting scattered in tiny pieces around this cannon ball . " I do believe these balls and millions of others were deliberately shot at Mars from space all at once to destroy their atmosphere , burn it away . " What I mean is a large enough man made meteor shower could strip Mars of its atmosphere and thus , destroy all or most life on the planet surface . " We pay for your stories ! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team ? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 . We pay for videos too . Click here to upload yours .	UFO hunters convinced ‘ CANNONBALL ’ on Mars is ‘ proof of ancient war ’ on Red Planet
Scores of companies are collecting information about you through your phone apps and web browser . Here ’s how you can opt-out of some of them.I recently wrote about how an astonishing number of companies are tracking us through some of the most popular Android apps ( and probably iOS apps , too ) available . Many of the apps we use every day have multiple built-in trackers that collect everything from web browsing history to exact location.One of the things I suggested we can do about it is to find out who these companies are and opt-out of their data mining wherever possible . In order to facilitate this , I have done some research of my own and put together a list of links to various opt-out web pages and forms , starting with the trackers studied by Exodus , and including whatever others I could find via a search engine.Some opt-out options appear to be only for the actual website of the company and do not apply to their tracking products , while others do include options to opt out of tracking across other websites and mobile apps , as well.As I sifted through pages and pages of search results based on the search term “ advertising opt out , ” I quickly realized that this is only the tip of the iceberg.But do n’t let the length of these lists discourage you . Anything worth doing takes some effort to do . Taking even a few steps to protect your privacy and limit or stop tracking will send an important message to these companies and their clients — the message that our privacy is worth more to us than whatever they ’re selling.First Thing ’s FirstBesides opting out , here are some other ways you can limit or stop tracking by websites and apps.Enable the “ Do Not Track ” feature of your browserReset your advertising ID and limit tracking in your phone ’s settingsUse browser extensions and apps that prevent tracking , such as Disconnect , uBlock , or Decentraleyes . Be sure to do your research — some ad-blockers like Adblock Plus still let certain ads through and get kickbacks for doing so.Don ’ t use search engines like Google , Bing , or Yahoo! , which track everything from your location to whatever you type in the search bar , even if you do n’t click on the search button . Instead , use search engines like StartPage and DuckDuckGo , which are completely private and do not track you.Avoid websites that try to force you to disable anti-tracking software in order to access their content . Yes , ad revenue helps keep these websites running , but making you disable anti-tracking software means they put their desire for ad revenue ahead of your privacy and safety . Good websites will provide multiple ways for their audience to support them , such as selling merchandise , offering subscriptions , or asking for donations.And now for the lists . If a name is n’t clickable , it means I was n’t able to find any opt-out info for it . If you find a link or additions to the lists , please let me know and I will update this story.Ad Network/Global Opt-OutIndividual Company Tracking Opt-Out — Exodus ListAd4ScreenAdd Apt TrAdjustAdsWizzApp-BoyAppNexusAppsFlyerAreametricsATInternetBackeliteBatchChartBoostColocatorComScoreCrowdTangleCuebiqDemdex ( an Adobe company ) EulerianExactTargetFacebookFidZupFlurryGoogle AnalyticsGoogle CrashLyticsGoogle DoubleClick ( there ’s also a browser plugin ) Google FirebaseHelpShiftHockeyAppJWPLTxKontaktKrux ( Salesforce DMP ) LeanPlumLigatusLocalyticsLocuslabsLogglyMoatMobile EngagementMParticleNexage ( an AOL company ) Omnitude ( an Adobe company ) OptimizelyOutBrainPresagePushWooshS4MSafeGraphSchibstedScore Card ResearchSegmentSizmekSmartSync2AdTag CommanderTealiumTeemoTinder AnalyticsTuneTwitter MoPubUltimediaVectauryWeboramaWidespaceXitiOther Individual Company Tracking Opt-OutDisclaimersThis story is not meant to be a comprehensive guide or all-inclusive list , it is intended to be just another tool in your personal privacy toolbox.I can not vouch for the legitimacy or effectiveness of the opt-out procedures of the respective companies or networks . If you need help or clarification , please contact the individual organizations for assistance.If I did n’t find a way to opt-out with an individual company it does n’t necessarily mean there is n’t a way.Keep in mind that you may have to do each opt-out process on every internet-connected device you use . Please read the instructions at each link for details .	How to just say no to being tracked
In two years Amazon was decimated and traded from around $ 113 ( December 1999 ) to $ 5.00 ( October 2001 ) — before turning around and running to over $ 1,000 ( similar to a $ 100,000 target on Bitcoin ) . We ’re guessing few investors would be able to withstand this type of volatility , if Bitcoin undergoes a similar type correction.This is n’t conjecture , it ’s facts and history . And the fall was n’t in a day , relieving investors of the decision to hold or not , during the correction.The fall from grace was nearly two years of water torture — which sucked in bargain hunters , who were ‘ too smart ’ to buy at $ 113 and who instead waited for a correction.They bought or averaged down along the way to $ 70 ( would you buy Bitcoin if it fell back to $ 7000 ? ) and at $ 35 and at $ 20 ( would you buy at $ 2,000 ? ) — until nearly everyone dumped at $ 5.00 ( think Bitcoin at $ 500 ) afraid it was all just a big scam and headed to zero.And while Amazon went on to greatness , many other high profile names did not.Being in the midst of this while running both the Internet Stock Review ( it survived and flourished ) and Incubator Stock Review ( it died a horrible death ) we were knee deep in the “ do we buy more as the correction ensued , or do we sell ” quandary.And we saw all sorts of real-world reactions to the unthinkable pain and loss , from both institutional and retail investors.In dollars and sense ( real sense ) , this is the equivalent of Bitcoin falling from $ 11,000 to $ 500 , or for larger investors from $ 110,000 to $ 5,000 or for larger even and luckier institutional investors who invested in the summer of 2016 — watching their $ 5 million investment grow to $ 110 million and then back to $ 5 million.Amazon , a Wall Street darling at the time in the late 90 ’s like Bitcoin is today and up 70 fold in two years — was also a real world ‘ how do you like that ’ correction and shakeout.We ’d like to call it a lesson , but that type of devastation and wealth destruction should never be called a lesson . Even the “ I told you so ” naysayers , kept relatively quiet and refrained from gloating in 2002 . In the real world , when your starring in the face of losing more than 80 % of your investment ( if you bought at $ 11,000 ) or losing 100 % of your earlier profits — along with all the things you were planning on buying with the profits ( yacht , two vacation villas ) , supreme confidence and conviction have a funny way of turning into zero confidence and even panic.In the dotcom days we had Henry Blodgett ( who ’s made a huge comeback with Business Insider — good for him ) , Alberto Villar who ran the Amerindo Technology Fund ( ended up in jail ) , Bill Gross from IdeaLab an Incubator , David Wetherell from CMGI an incubator and even Stephan Paternot who ran the Globe.The Globe posted the largest first-day gain of any IPO up to that date , with shares closing up 606 % from their starting price ( sound familiar ) . It later fell from $ 97 to under $ 0.10 . Investors hung on their every word , as they talked about how the Internet was going to change the World ( which it did ) to the press and as featured speakers at Conferences.While what transpired was n’t his fault ( CMGI which traded from near $ 1.00 where we found it to $ 300 and then back to $ 0.28 , Wetherell was n’t speaking at too many conferences in 2002 . Today we have Winkelvoss twins , Tim Draper , Thomas Lee , Lou Kerner , Michael Novogratz , Mark Yusko and dozens more talking about how the Blockchain is going to change the World ( which it will ) to the press and as featured speakers at Conferences.And investors are hanging on their every word . “ Did you hear Kerner , he just said , blockchain is the biggest thing to happen in the history of mankind . ” Of course , we ’ll be launching a Bitcoin Review . Just not sure when . In the meantime , we ’re finding our bubbly by investing in bubbly ( and Spirits and Wine ) via the Beverage Start Up News and the Beverage Stock Review and of course with the Internet Stock Review which we launched in 1998 . Launched in 2015 , the Beverage Review had fun with the # 1 performing Beverage stock , New Age Beverages ( $ NBEV ) which traded from $ 0.31 to $ 7.20 and Celsius Holdings ( $ CELH ) which traded from $ 0.99 to $ 7.00 . And if micro-caps are n’t your game . Big money can be made in large caps — look no further than Constellation Brands ( $ STZ ) which has moved $ 12 in 2008 to $ 218 recently , which we feel relatively confident wo n’t fall back to $ 12 . Plus you can drink SVEDKA , Blackstone and Corona — but you ca n’t drink bitcoin .	If Bitcoin Trades Like Amazon Did In 2001 . We ’re Headed To $ 500 and It Will be Ugly . .
Once Tesla ( NASDAQ : TSLA ) ramps up production of its Model 3 , the less costly vehicle will become the biggest contributor to the electric-car maker 's business . But , for now , the Model S continues to hold this important position -- more than five years after it was launched . The award-winning vehicle has served as Tesla 's primary growth engine for years , propelling annual revenue from several hundred million dollars to billions in just a few years . But Tesla 's Model S deliveries this year suggest upside for the pricey electric sedan may be limited from here . This puts pressure Tesla 's next growth catalysts . Here 's a look at how Model S sales growth has slowed , and why the success of the electric-car maker 's newer vehicles is so vital . Are Model S sales peaking ? Up until the fourth quarter of 2015 , Tesla 's Model S deliveries were skyrocketing . In 2014 and 2015 , for instance , Model S deliveries saw 41 % and 59 % year-over-year growth , respectively . But that growth nearly ground to a halt in 2016 as Model S deliveries increased just 1 % year over year . And 2017 is n't looking much better for Model S. Indeed , trailing 12-month deliveries as of the end of Tesla 's third quarter are down 6 % year over year . However , based on recent sales trends and Tesla 's guidance for record total deliveries when including Model X , there 's a good chance Tesla could squeak by with a low single-digit increase in 2017 Model S deliveries versus 2016 . Tesla guided for about 27,000 total deliveries in its fourth quarter -- up from its record quarterly deliveries set in the third quarter of 2017 of just over 26,000 units . Of its 26,000 deliveries , over 14,000 were Model S , nearly 12,000 were Model X , and a few hundred were Tesla 's recently launched Model 3 . Guiding for 27,000 deliveries in Q4 , and assuming half of these deliveries will be Model S , Tesla would finish the year with a 4 % year-over-year increase in Model S deliveries . Whether Tesla posts another year of Model S sales growth or not , it 's fair to say that Model S sales are at least close to peaking . After all , the highest Model S sales for any trailing 12-month period was achieved over a year ago -- in the third quarter of 2016 . Of course , CEO Elon Musk has always indicated that total vehicle sales would keep rising rapidly over time , but only with the help of new electric vehicles . And this is exactly what is happening . Just as Model S sales growth is slowing , trailing 12-month Model X sales have surged to just under 43,000 in Tesla 's most recent quarter -- up hugely from trailing 12-month sales of about 16,000 in the year-ago quarter . Then , of course , there 's Tesla 's Model 3 . After a slow start that put the Model 3 's production ramp about one quarter behind , the electric-car maker expects weekly production of the lower-cost vehicle to hit an impressive 5,000 units a week by the end of the first quarter of 2018 . But even with the Model 3 's slow start in 2017 , Tesla still expects growth in total vehicle sales . Its guidance for about 100,000 Model S and X deliveries in 2017 , for instance , represents 30 % year-over-year growth compared to the deliveries of the two vehicles last year . Further , Tesla said in its most recent shareholder letter that net orders for the two vehicles combined hit a record high in Q3 . So , demand is looking up as well . However , while Tesla 's total sales are still rising sharply , peaking Model S sales highlight the automaker 's reliance on future models for sustained sales growth and market share gains .	Looking to Tesla , Inc. 's Next Catalysts
Chamber of Commerce 's Harris Encouraged by Tax Plan One of the last-minute , late-night changes Senate Republicans made to their tax-overhaul plan may mean higher taxes for corporations , including technology firms , than the bill ’s drafters intended , experts say.As amended , the Senate tax bill would preserve the existing 20 percent corporate alternative minimum tax , a levy designed to stymie companies ’ tax avoidance that applies to fewer than 1 percent of U.S. companies under current law.But under the Senate plan , retaining the AMT could prevent companies from making use of planned tax breaks related to intellectual property , to spending on new equipment and to research and development . The AMT may fall hardest on technology and utilities companies -- though the snag would apply broadly , experts say . “ The fact is , almost everyone who ’s a corporate taxpayer is going to be an AMT taxpayer ” under the bill , said Bret Wells , a tax law professor at the University of Houston.Shares of technology companies dropped Monday . An index of technology companies on the S&amp;P 500 fell around 2 percent . The Nasdaq 100 Tech Index fell 1.8 percent.Already , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce is seeking the AMT ’s repeal -- as the Senate bill would have done before Saturday ’s changes . Seeing the provision retained in the legislation was “ a very unpleasant surprise , ” wrote Caroline L. Harris , the organization ’s chief tax counsel . “ Repeal of the AMT has long been one of the policy pillars for pro-growth tax reform , ” Harris wrote in an article on a chamber website . ‘ Drafting Error ’ Under existing rules , every corporation must calculate its tax bill according to both the regular corporate income tax and the AMT , and pay whichever ’s higher . With the corporate AMT at 20 percent and the current corporate rate at 35 percent , most companies have ended up paying tax calculated at the higher regular corporate rate . A simple “ drafting error ” most likely left the AMT in the Senate bill at 20 percent -- even though the overall corporate rate would be reduced -- said Jennifer McCloskey , director of government affairs at the Information Technology Industry Council , a group that represents tech companies including Google , Oracle and Amazon . Congress should repeal the AMT completely or cut it to a level proportionate to the new 20 percent corporate tax rate , she said . “ What member of Congress would say , ‘ you know what would get my vote on tax reform ? You need to undermine the most popular part of the tax code , the R&amp;D tax credit , ”’ McCloskey said Monday in an interview . Addressing the AMT will be one of her group ’s “ top priorities ” going forward , she said . ‘ Work as Intended ’ Julia Lawless , a spokeswoman for the tax-writing Senate Finance Committee , said lawmakers would work to make sure that tax breaks -- like the Research and Development tax credit -- “ work as intended . ”“ The goal of this bill is to ensure American job creators can successfully compete around the globe , ” Lawless said.House and Senate leaders this week will begin working on a compromise between their differing versions of tax legislation -- with the goal of delivering agreed-upon legislation to President Donald Trump before the end of this year . One key difference will be the corporate AMT -- which would be repealed under the bill that the House approved last month.The levy is designed to prevent companies from using deductions , making it essentially a flat rate that ca n’t be substantially lowered . Without the AMT , companies could use various deductions proposed in the Senate bill -- including provisions for intellectual property and for research and development -- to winnow their tax bills . But because of the way the AMT is calculated , it would snare virtually every company under the bill , according to tax experts . ‘ Foreign-Derived ’ IncomeIn other words , a company ’s tax bill that ’s based on a 20 percent AMT , which does n’t allow many deductions , would always be higher than the same company ’s bill at the regular 20 percent corporate rate -- which would allow various deductions that would lower the ultimate bill.Such deductions would include a measure designed to induce companies that rely on intellectual property to house it in the U.S. , instead of with overseas units . Situating such intangible property offshore with subsidiaries in low-tax jurisdictions -- and then paying those subsidiaries for its use -- has been a key tax-cutting strategy for many such companies.The Senate bill seeks to address that strategy by setting up a special , discounted tax rate of 12.5 percent for “ foreign-derived ” income related to IP -- provision that experts say could prompt more companies to hold such property in the U.S.Leaving the corporate AMT in place would effectively put that lower rate off-limits , though . The provision does n’t jibe with several other planned deductions or tax breaks , suggesting that the AMT is bound to be reworked by House and Senate negotiators as they meet in a so-called conference committee to fashion a compromise.Retaining the corporate AMT would also affect companies ’ ability to use full and immediate write offs for capital spending on plants and equipment -- which the legislation ’s backers have billed as one of its main pro-growth provisions . That deduction would be available for five years -- and then , under the Senate bill , it would phase out in later years to lower levels . Taking such deductions is n’t possible under the current corporate AMT rules , which apply far more restrictive limits on depreciation.Because the AMT “ does n’t seem to work with some core elements of the overall tax reform package , it ca n’t survive conference in its current form , ” said Michael Mundaca , the co-leader of the Ernst &amp; Young Americas Tax Center.Only 10,222 corporations filed returns for 2013 showing that they owed the corporate AMT , according to the latest Internal Revenue Service data . That ’s less than 0.2 percent of the 5,887,804 corporate returns filed that year . — With assistance by Gerrit De Vynck	Senate 's ‘ Unpleasant Surprise ’ Hurts Tax Breaks for Tech , Others
I used to have grandiose visions of what my funeral would look like . I actually thought about it often . Maybe because I ’m as morbid as I am self obsessed or maybe because I felt it ’d take place a lot sooner than most people , including myself , thought it would . Lord knows if something — really everything — did n’t change when it did , my name would have ended up on a prayer card.I ’m glad it did n’t end for me then . There would n’t have been much for anyone to say . Not as far as pleasantries go anyway . Any mentioned would have been somewhat distant at that point and only brought up out of respect , etiquette and unconditional love from a select few . Thankfully , that ’s not the legacy I left.At the end of the day , I want to be remembered for who I truly was . For the parts of me and moments I was a part of that actually mattered . When I ’m gone , do n’t paint a picture of me as perfect just because I ’m dead , I was so far from it . Remember me as flawed but as someone who always wanted to and tried to be better . Take all of my missteps and learn from them . Do n’t let people I was n’t close with pretend we were the best of friends for attention at my funeral , it ’s a pet peeve and honestly can I not have one day?If there was one word I wanted attached to my name when I ’m no longer here , it ’d be loyalty . The only quality I care to be remembered for is being someone who would do anything for those he loved . As one who put those he cared about before himself , to a fault at times . My friends and family always came first . I ’d like to be remembered for having lived with passion . As someone who did the best he could with the hand he was dealt . Do n’t let my passing be a pain that plagues you , remember all of the laughter . Each and every good time.I hope I ’m remembered as someone who woke up everyday and tried to do better than he did the day before . I hope to have taught one thing to even just a small fraction of the amount of people I learned something from . If I ’m lucky , my transgressions are forgiven and I ’ll take no grudges to the grave.I no longer have grandiose visions for my funeral . mainly because it ’s not something I think about today . My imagination is busy elsewhere . I do n’t obsess over who will show up or who wo n’t . Who will predictably be under dressed and who stays for the luncheon after . Thankfully today I ’m too busy living to put much thought in what I hope to be remembered for . I spend my days in a way I can let my actions leave behind a legacy I ’m happy with .	How I Hope To Be Remembered
Foreign media outlets reported an attack in Damascus Monday night by Israeli fighter jets . Reports indicate that a building of the Center for Scientific Research in Jamariya , the Syrian capital , was attacked by a number of missiles from fighter planes . Other reports said that a radar was attacked . The reports claimed that aerial defense acted against this attack.It was also reported that intense explosions were heard in the center of the city , and that the Syrian air defense system fired three missiles at the attacking planes . One report claimed that fighter jets launched two missiles , one of which intercepted and the other landed in an uninhabited area . The Syrian news agency SANA claimed that the air defense system had launched an Israeli attack and succeeded in destroying three of the missiles launched in the suburbs of Damascus . However , the opposition reports said that a base of the Lebanese Hezbollah organization in Syria had been attacked and that dozens had been killed.The attack in Jamariya on the outskirts of Damascus is the second attack since Shabbat that has been attributed to the Israeli air force . At the same time as the air strike , the Lebanese army reports that an observation balloon entered opinion 23:30 into the blue line , over the town of Yaroun for a distance of 30 meters , and stayed in the air for 20 minutes . The Lebanese army sent a complaint to UNIFIL.An Israeli military spokeswoman said they do not comment on foreign reports .	Syrian media says Israel struck near Damascus for second time in days
Sheryl OhKerry Washington ’s production company is also on board with the potential franchise.Rashida Jones and Kerry Washington are joining forces with Fox to bring an adaptation of Goldie Vance to the big screen.Goldie Vance was created by Eisner Award-winning writer Hope Larson and artist Brittney Williams . The graphic novel series depicts the adventures of the eponymous sixteen-year-old detective ; Goldie is a gifted and “ highly detail-oriented ” teenage crime-solver . Based in a Miami resort , Goldie hopes to become the hotel ’s resident crime-buster , but inadvertently uncovers an international syndicate that throws her into the lion ’s den.Adapting a graphic novel is , of course , no new feat . There are so many in the works at the moment that it ’s no surprise that studios are looking for the next big hit all the time . But thankfully , among the seemingly generic flavor of The Boys and the overt weirdness of The Umbrella Academy , we ’re seeing a discernible increase of diverse stories like Raising Dion and Goldie Vance that make it beyond a pitch.This shift is being made both behind and in front of the camera . Goldie is a mixed-race character , and there ’s no one better for the job than Jones , who is mixed-race herself and slated to write and direct the film . Perspective matters in creating the most authentic stories , and Jones has been setting an example for the industry in recent weeks , too . Last month , Jones spoke out against the lack of inclusion at Pixar , citing it as the main reason for her and Will McCormack leaving the Toy Story 4 writing team : “ There is so much talent at Pixar and we remain enormous fans of their films . But it is also a culture where women and people of color do not have an equal creative voice , as is demonstrated by their director demographics : out of the 20 films in the company ’s history , only one was co-directed by a woman and only one was directed by a person of color . We encourage Pixar to be leaders in bolstering , hiring , and promoting more diverse and female storytellers and leaders . We hope we can encourage all those who have felt like their voices could not be heard in the past to feel empowered . ” It ’s no surprise , then , that her next big project hits the nail on the head so specifically . Goldie Vance clearly aims to tell the kind of intersectional story that contributes to the diversification of adaptation culture , especially when it comes to comics . Goldie Vance is reportedly envisioned as the pioneer film in a potential franchise for Fox , which is an idea that we can easily jump on board with . As a character , Goldie Vance already has the potential to be the kind of teen heroine that girls and young women would be proud to embrace , and she deserves a fantastic big screen debut .	Rashida Jones To Adapt and Direct ‘ Goldie Vance ’ Film
Categories : News WWJTV Michigan Matters : An Inside Look At McLaren Health CareThis week on Michigan Matters , host Carol Cain talks with Phil Incarnati , President/CEO of McLaren Health Care , about the impact McLaren has made in the region . Then , Incarnati joins the Roundtable along with Claude Molinari , General Manager of Cobo Center , and former Wayne County Executive Robert Ficano to discuss issues around the region and the nation.Chief James Craig On Noel Night ShootingThe chief spoke to reporters two days after four teens were shot and wounded during an event outside the DIA.Detroit Fire Truck AccidentA crew responding to an emergency crashes into a car Monday morning.Pontiac SilverdomeThe demolition of the Silverdome did n't go quite as planned.Stranger Holding Gun Rings DoorbellAn unknown man holding what is believed to be an automatic gun was trying to get into the home of a Detroit woman on Saturday morning.Fatal Hit-and-Run in DetroitA surveillance camera caught this fatal hit-and-run that occurred on Thursday night on Warren Road in Detroit.First Forecast Weather December 4 , 2017 ( Tonight ) Warm Temps Turn ColdFirst Forecast Today - Monday December 4 , 2017Mostly CLoudy , breezy , and rain showers and t-storms expected tonight and in the overnight hours of early Tuesday morningMore Videos Categories SportsWeatherNews	Michigan Matters : An Inside Look At McLaren Health Care
We will be back again in the futureRound 2 did n’t have as many pieces as round 1 did , but each one was a jewel in and of itself . Read them all here : Inspiration : The best publication team on MediumA group of wonders working together to encourage collaboration — that ’s this crew . The leaders and editors of … medium.comInspiration : Michael StalcupMichael Stalcup , such a man , Poetry magic ? yes , he can!medium.comInspiration : Tamyka BellTamyka Bell , writes so well , Her words cast a magic spell , Powerful tales does she tell , Beauty , in her poems , dwells.medium.comInspiration : Mary HoldenNot contrarymedium.comInspiration ? Who Else Could it be?But … My Lady Grace — Megmedium.comInspirationThe Women of Mediummedium.comInspirationwriting promptsmedium.comInspiration : Mike Essig ‘ A poem should not mean . But be . ’ medium.comInspiration : The Men of Mediummedium.comOwed to a HarperThe instrument in Harper ’s handGlows with a bright , electric fire.His songs ring out across the landAnd have us … medium.comInspiration : ottarossA private note made publicmedium.comInspiration : Patsy StarkeDo I know you wellEnough to know you know youAre inspiringmedium.comInspiration : Tre L. LoadholtI remembernot knowing who you wereI remember notknowing what you did for thesepeople to like you , love you , respect … medium.comInspiration : altosomeone I love to read and am proud to knowmedium.com	Thanks for the inspiration !
More and more states are passing laws that make it illegal to even hold your phone while driving . Although tempting , distracted driving has led to thousands of avoidable and fatal crashes . And with the rise of smartphone GPS navigation , the temptation to pull your phone out of your pocket while driving to check on your route is almost too great to eradicate . So give yourself and your fellow drivers a break by reducing distraction and driving safer with an ExoMount CD Car Mount . Right now you can pick one up for $ 19.99 — more than 30 percent off its regular price.These mounts attach easily to your car 's CD player , giving you a central , visible location for your phone while you 're driving , without having to use your hands . The 360 ° rotation lets you orient the mount any way you wish , and installation is a breeze thanks to simple , one-touch mounting technology . ExoMount is compatible with all phones measuring 3.5 to 5.8 inches , which includes all iPhones , Samsung phones , and most other popular devices . And with a sleek , efficient design , these mounts wo n't take up unnecessary space on your dash — leaving you with more windshield space and a better line of vision.Free your hands and most importantly drive safer with an ExoMount CD Car Mount for over 30 percent off , just $ 19.99 for a limited time .	Put That Old Car CD Player Back to Work With This Phone Mount
In a little over 10 years as a costume designer , Jennifer Johnson has covered a great deal of terrain , immersing herself in the needs of the script to the extent that it ’s difficult to link her name to any one style . Making her feature debut with David Slade ’s haunting thriller Hard Candy — which saw a precocious young woman ( Ellen Page ) luring a pedophile ( Patrick Wilson ) into a violent trap — Johnson ’s first effort sprang from a great specificity of vision , a trait that is the unifying factor amongst her works . For Johnson , it ’s often difficult to predict the path her career will take her down . “ I never thought I would so easily say yes to a movie about ice skating , ” the costume designer says — but when she received Steven Rodger ’s Black-Listed script for the Tonya Harding black comedy I , Tonya , signing on was a no-brainer . Impeccably written , Craig Gillespie ’s take on the controversial skater is also remarkably well-designed , with the costumes , cinematography and production design fusing perfectly in conjuring up Harding ’s Pacific Northwest world at various points in her life . Below , Johnson discusses the “ fish out of water ” element to Tonya Harding ’s story that made for fascinating juxtapositions in visual storytelling , and the resources she drew upon to find her way into Harding ’s past . How did you come to I , Tonya ? I knew Craig Gillespie through another director , Fredrik Bond , who I did a movie called Charlie Countryman with . I actually had met Craig at Sundance — he was there to cheer his friend on . We had a nice meeting , and that was that . Then a few years later , I got a call from Craig and he said , “ You know , I ’m doing a movie about Tonya Harding . ” It was like , “ Okay , all right . That ’s crazy . Let ’s read the script ” — and it is an absolute page-turner . The script is so distinct and hilarious , and I could n’t put it down . I never thought I would so easily say yes to a movie about ice skating , but it was an effortless decision because the script is really incredible , and I knew that Craig ’s energy , combined with this script , was going to be totally insane . I was ready for that challenge . I ’d imagine this project would be compelling just for the fact that it centers on a collision of worlds — “ white trash ” and the world of competitive figure skating . Yeah , it was the most interesting exploration that we all had , and I hope the viewer has as well , because Tonya ’s so famous . If you ’re of a certain age , we all had judgment about who she was and what we thought she had done , and the most interesting thing for me was the discovery of who she actually is . A big revelation was these films that her best friend had made of her in high school , which actually turned into her Yale thesis in film school . Her best friend in high school followed her around with a camcorder , and I discovered this really self-possessed , determined , really intelligent person who knew who she was , and that was really appealing to me — that this person who has no money and clearly has come from an abusive household absolutely knows who she is and where she stands , and who she sees herself as , and this rebellion against Diane . Diane is her coach , who had a lot of money and was trying to prime and primp her into this ice princess . I love that Tonya really always said , “ No . This is who I am , and please listen . ” I just thought that was really fascinating . That , to me , makes her really a powerful figure in the sports world , because that world is sort of a ballet . It has so many rules , and it ’s sort of like cotillion , the rules of dress and behavior and how women should act . I thought that was a really interesting angle I never expected , actually . Tonya Harding was a consultant on the film . Did you have any interaction with her ? I would give a list of questions to Margot , and Craig and Steven [ Rogers , writer ] , and they would ask her . They were very respectful of her space — they did n’t want a bunch of crewmembers inundating her with questions . So , they acted as my representative if I needed to find out more . Actually , it was really difficult doing research on her , because you would meet people in the skating world that did n’t want to talk about her . There was n’t a lot of positive documentation — ‘ 94 was when you started having more formal documentation that ’s now available on the internet . It was piecemeal , VHS tapes and hearsay , and I would order Inquirer tabloid clippings from eBay . It was an unusual , interesting research process , reading tell-alls and Tonya ’s statements and taking things with a grain of salt — things that were said about her , things that she said , always peeling back layers . The most interesting photographs that I have were actually from an Inquirer article that had photos that no one had . What was it like collaborating with the actors on this project ? Allison Janney ’s getup is particularly remarkable . These tabloid clippings that this person had collected and I had found on eBay had these really beautiful photos of the family . LaVona had made a lot of Tonya ’s costumes when she was a kid — they ’re really beautifully made , and her hair was very carefully tied with ribbons . LaVona had really beautiful jewelry , was very nicely dressed , had a nice little hairdo , so I tried to keep elements of that . The fur coat is a real thing . That ’s documented — the bird clawing at the fur coat is a factual , documented thing . I feel like men and women that grew up in that time had a dignity and a formality in how they dressed , and LaVona tried to keep up appearances . You ’ll see some press where she really favored these press moments . She ’d put her gold earrings on … It goes back to your comment about what we call “ white trash , ” and how you go beyond that , and find some dignity in the character . Even though she was very abusive , you try to find love for the character , even if they ’re arguably a really terrible . Because of the documentation of these character , everyone thought they knew who these people were — especially Tonya . LaVona is not as well known as Tonya , but I think we all had an idea of who she was . What we wanted to do is really pay attention to the script and also the 30 for 30 documentary , which is really informative . All of our preconceived ideas were not always the case , so all of us pushed really hard to find another meaning — and avoiding irony was a big thing . Not to be ironic and not to be referential in a way that felt that we were making fun of poverty , or making fun of the cult of Tonya . There ’s been musicals and different millennial takes on Tonya Harding , and that was something we were not interested in doing . For me as a costume designer , that meant finding something that was real , and it was n’t always directly copying what actually happened . Sometimes , it was more the spirit . Because if you put Tonya and Jeff in a bunch of funny sweaters , it becomes an ironic wink at the ‘ 90s , and that was something that was really important for me to avoid . The nice thing is that the actors were very open to discover what that truth was — not just , “ Okay , here ’s the photos . ” But how can we expand on the emotion of this person , and give this person dignity ? This film hops between different periods in Harding ’s life . Were those jumps tricky for you ? When Tonya ’s 16 and has braces and short hair , that ’s when she ’s heavily influenced by her coach , Diane . Diane has a lot of money and goes to gala events and is very much part of Portland society , and she ’s trying to turn Tonya into this prim and proper , Ralph Lauren , prep school version of an ice skater . So , there ’s a little bit of that in her costume when she has dinner and introduces Jeff to LaVona at the buffet . She has a sweet , ruffled collar and a bow around her neck , and there ’s this femininity . In real life , Tonya did n’t want to dress like that . As she gets older and gets into it with Jeff , she starts really becoming her own person . She breaks away from LaVona . LaVona ca n’t dress her anymore , her coach ca n’t dress her anymore and then we explore that in that skating competition where she made her own costume . She starts making her own costumes and making some choices that are not really appreciated by her fellow skating comrades . That was really important , to define that . Another interesting thing that I noticed in doing research of her and Jeff is that they start dressing alike . That ’s sort of like a Stockholm syndrome . Really , you look at press photos of them , and they wear turtlenecks , they wear the same sweaters together . They ’re not identical , but there ’s a through line where suddenly they become almost one person . She starts wearing his turtlenecks and mock necks , and it ’s really subtle but if you looked at the continuity , there ’s a scene where sometimes he has the maroon mock neck , and then sometimes she has it on . It ’s not making fun of anything , but it ’s the abuse of her identity . She ’s so strongly opinionated and such a unique person , and she disappears within that abuse within her marriage . It ’s there when you do the research . People might not be aware of that in the film , but that was the intent , that there was a subtle shift , with two people becoming one person . Then , when you see her in the current-day interview , that says some things about her politics . She definitely has her own opinions about politics , and she ’s crass . She has her western boots on , and she ’s not part of that skating world anymore . She can do whatever she wants and be her own person once again . What was the guiding principle behind the film ’s color palette , in terms of the costumes ? With Tonya , because she ’s a tough person , she ’s not afraid to voice her opinion and she does not particularly consider herself ultra-feminine , so the skating costumes were always pink and purple , and colors that were probably quite uncomfortable for her in real life . Then , she started making more money , and being able to afford her Louis Vuitton bag . She has Chanel earrings and a nice leather jacket and she ’s definitely more sober in her color choices as the violence escalates . Diane is very pink and pretty and ultra-feminine , and LaVona ’s cigarettes could ignite her costume at any time . She ’s usually wearing polyester , usually brown , and then she has a red uniform , when she works — maroon and pink . That was on purpose , so she ’d feel really uncomfortable in those colors . She would never choose those colors for herself . Jeff was really fun to create because I hated him — he ’s a wife beater . But as I found out more about Jeff and then met Sebastian [ Stan ] , who ’s so wonderful and intelligent as all the actors were , I started liking him . I would give him presents throughout the shoot . I ’d knock on his trailer and say , “ Jeff , I ’ve got a new turtleneck for you . ” He was really sweet . He ’d always be really pleased that I ’d found the two-and-a-half inch mock neck in the perfect tone of maroon . His Girbaud jeans were really hard to find . As Tonya made money , Jeff would get nicer things . His jeans became nicer , his shoes became a little nicer , he had a nicer car , and the blue interior of the car matches the turtlenecks . [ laughs ] It ’s a love note to maroon , I guess .	‘ I , Tonya ’ Costume Designer Jennifer Johnson On Going To eBay To Peel Back Layers On Tonya Harding
LIVE St. John 's More Streams Building jobs and relationships in a small community ? It 's not just a bunch of hot air for one Calgary company . Dynamic Air Shelters manufactures inflatable , shock-resistant shelters that are used by the oil industry , the military , and as emergency medical structures in disaster zones . The structures are used worldwide and they 're made in Grand Bank , Newfoundland . " The relationships , the kinship of a small business like ours having a significant effect on a small community , is motivating . It propels you , " said Harold Warner , founder and former president of the company who now acts as manager of business and product development . " I almost ca n't come to Grand Bank without promising to meet up with [ Mayor ] Rex Matthews and let him know how we 're doing . " Warner is an international competitive ballooning champion and once held nine world records , including one for longest distance flown in a single hot-air balloon . In fact , Dynamic Air Shelters began as a balloon manufacturing company . The first air shelter it ever built was actually a sheltered balloon which protected riders from the elements . That model was the beginning of Dynamic Air Shelters . Moving to Grand Bank The beginning of Dynamic Air Shelters ' relationship with Grand bank came in 2003 when Warner was approached by Judy Foote , then-minister of industry in the provincial government . At the time , he had a bid in on a project tied to the White Rose oil field but had to back out because he could n't find enough workers in Alberta to support the project . The unemployment rate in Calgary then was just two per cent . Foote asked him to give the community of Grand Bank a shot . Much to everyone 's delight , it worked out . " We have a very reliable staff , we have people who are committed to stay with us . We have great loyalty , a much lower staff turnover rate than what we would have in a place like Calgary , " he said . At full production , there are 45 to 50 people working in the Grand Bank plant . They make large plastic sheets from a thin membrane of liquid resin that runs down from the ceiling . The sheets are then cut and stitched together to make the large inflatable tubes that compose the skeleton of the structures and the strong , thick covers that go over the scaffolding . Surviving shockwaves The real turning point for Dynamic Air Shelters was in 2005 , after an explosion at a Texas oil refinery . The Texas City refinery explosion injured 177 people and killed 15 . " When they did their forensics they found that every one of the fatalities were caused not as a direct result of the explosion , but rather they were in buildings that failed , " said Warner . An engineer approached Warner and asked how his inflatable structures might fare in a similar situation . Using 25,000 pounds of nitromethane with a block of C-4 plastic explosive in the middle — all in a controlled environment — Warner put them through some blast tests . " We passed that test , and then we have passed a good number of tests since then . " The structures are now marketed as quickly assembled , explosion-proof shelters and are mainly used by the oil industry , he said . They 've also been used to save lives . When a hospital in Lloilo , Philippines , was destroyed by Typhoon Haiyan in November 2013 , Dynamic Air Shelters set up a temporary hospital . It was up and functioning for more than a year — 15,271 patients were treated there . A cross-country commute Warner himself lives in Calgary , so checking on operations is a big commute . Although the economy in Calgary is much different now with unemployment at 8.5 per cent , he said he gets tempted to move operations closer to his home only when he 's suffering from jet lag . " But have I ever taken that thought seriously ? No . " In Grand Bank , he gets to enjoy " making a bigger difference in a smaller place , " he said . " The balance sheet 's really , really important , but the reality is what gets you up in the morning with passion . I do n't wake up in the morning and check the balance sheet . For me it 's the creativity and the relationships with people . It 's meaningful . "	Inflating job numbers in Grand Bank
If you have n’t seen one of the newest crazes on the Ethereum network , Cryptokitties is sweeping the web.Similar to a decentralized Tamagotchi , Cryptokitties is actually taking up so much speed and data it is slowing down the network.The average Kitten is going for around $ 100 in Ether.While this could be a fad , this is something we want to talk about as it is definitely a bigger message about the industry and people as a whole.If There Is A Want People Will Create ItThe truth is that sometimes the most assinine object is the one that everyone wants.In a free marketplace , we would see everything and anything that you can conceive of.While Cryptokitties seems to be something ridiculous , people are paying $ 100 for a kitten , and the most expensive one went for over $ 113,000 ( 246 Ethereum at this point in time ) . Yes , that is a lot of money.Although , when we see Chinese billionaires buy paintings for $ 100 million it is n’t anything different.Humans want certain things that the market will createAgain , if there is a will there is a want.With these Cryptokitties taking over Ethereum and actually slowing down its run speed — it raises this question : What will we see in the future?Most likely everything and anything you could think of both decentralized and on the crypto network.Vitalik Buterin created Ethereum after getting annoyed at his characters not loading because of the centralization.We are in the midst of a revolution and Cryptokitties is far from the weirdest thing we will see.What do you think we are going to see shortly ? Leave a comment below.Thanks for reading , The GCA TeamOriginally published at globalcryptoacademy.com on December 4 , 2017 .	What CryptoKitties Really Says About The Crypto Industry
On Thanksgiving Day , Netflix released She ’s Got ta Have It , Spike Lee ’s 10-episode series reboot of the 1986 black-and-white film ; the one that forever changed the mold on how Black women and their sexuality were explored on film . As John Michael Reefer , the costume designer for the original production , tells Refinery29 , at the time , “ Nola [ Darling ’s ] character was an example of the male gaze fully realized and eroticized . With few other examples of Black women or women of color at the time of its release , this portrayal was characterized as groundbreaking . Her character set a tone for the objectification of Black women and women of color and has given the broader market of content creators a license to marginalize Black women and women of color up to this day . ” Fast-forward 31 years later , and Lee is bringing the story of Darling ’s multiple romantic pursuits back to the spotlight — and he 's tasked costume designer Marci Rodgers with modernizing its original look and feel for a modern generation . “ I was young when I first saw She ’s Got ta Have It , so when I was offered the opportunity , I went back to [ revisit ] the original movie , ” Rodgers says . “ That is the foundation . ” She continues : “ Nola is very powerful in the sense that she ’s an example of fierceness and the tenacity of freedom . ” So how does one dress Lee ’s latest character amidst Brooklyn ’s gentrified backdrop ? Hit every vintage shop in the borough , she notes , which has “ any and everything . You just have to have the eye ” to spot it all . “ I literally had the mindset of if I were Nola and grew up in the area , what can I purchase to become a part of my closet ? ” One store that stands out to her is Worship.But the Chicago-native makes it clear that Nola “ dresses on a spectrum . ” There was one scene , in particular , that Rodgers recalls , where Nola is waiting for Mars , one of her dates , to arrive so he can transport her pieces to her art show . Ms. Darling is dressed in a black and white studded leather jacket , short denim deconstructed shorts , patterned tights , and gray Chanel booties . “ The devil is in the details with this character , ” Rodgers notes.On the subject of Nola ’s lovers and what they wore , Rodgers rattles off a list of Black designers : Defend Brooklyn , Very Black , Ozwald Boateng , and designer Kerby Jean-Raymond of Pyer Moss , who Rodgers says " was so willing and down for the cause . ” She pulled Mars ’ impressive sneaker collection from Stadium Goods , and Ms. Nola wears a lot of William Okpo . But if there ’s one piece Nola ’s got ta have , it would be the “ Brooklyn ” necklace Rodgers found at a pop-up shop inside the Williamsburg mall.That ’s so New York , right?Like what you see ? How about some more R29 goodness , right here?Anthropologie Is Being Accused Of Copying This Indie Jewelry Designer15 Winter Investment Pieces Worth Every Penny20 + Awesome Gifts For The Impossible To Shop For	Reimagining The Look Of She 's Got ta Have It — 31 Years Later
We ca n't picture Jack Dawson from Titanic as anyone else but the boyishly handsome Leonardo DiCaprio . But if casting had gone differently , movie lovers could 've been treated to a dose of old-fashioned hospitality and Southern charm . During an appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert on Thursday , November 30 , Kate Winslet , who played Rose DeWitt Bukater , revealed that Matthew McConaughey auditioned for the iconic role of Jack . " I auditioned with Matthew [ McConaughey ] — is n't that weird ? " Winslet told Colbert . " Never said that in public before ! " That ’s right : Before James Cameron tapped the young kid from Romeo + Juliet to star in his 1997 hit movie , Cameron had the beloved Texan in mind to play the penniless artist who falls in love with Rose . It certainly would ’ve made for an interesting coupling , and we would ’ve loved to hear the actor ’s signature Southern drawl in the first-class dinner scene or the epic one-liner , " I 'm king of the world . " But , in the long run , we ’re glad Cameron went with DiCaprio . Besides , who knows if we would ’ve ever gotten classic Southern films and rom-com movies , such as A Time to Kill , Dallas Buyers Club , How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days , and The Wedding Planner , if McConaughey were offered the role ? " [ It would have been a ] totally different film , ” Winslet said . “ It just would n't have been the whole Jack and Rose — Kate and Leo thing . " McConaughey eventually went on to star in another Oscar-nominated film in 1997 that also took place on a ship : Amistad . Though he lost out to DiCaprio for the role in Titanic , McConaughey ended up working with him on the movie Wolf of Wall Street in 2013 . In honor of the film ’s 20th anniversary this year , watch the late-night host grill Winslet on more Titanic-related questions below . During the interview , she goes on to admit that she never listens to Celine Dion ’s " My Heart Will Go On , " as well as the fact that she got hypothermia after filming the tragic ending . Titanic was re-released in theaters , beginning on December 1 , for an exclusive one-week run . Purchase a ticket while you still can to relive all the memories from the passionate and heartbreaking love story . That ’s if you can peel yourself off the couch from watching Hallmark ’s holiday movie marathon .	WATCH : Kate Winslet Reveals Matthew McConaughey Was Almost Cast as Jack in ‘ Titanic ’
NEW YORK ( CBSNewYork ) — Eli Manning said he took a night to think about Coach Ben McAdoo ’s plan for him to just play the first half of games before rejecting it . “ I went in the next day and just said , ‘ I ca n’t do it that way , ' ” Manning said Monday during his weekly appearance on Mike Francesa ’s WFAN show . “ I was n’t being asked to win a football game . I was asked just to play , in part , to keep a streak alive , and I appreciated that . I was n’t mad at Coach McAdoo . I was n’t mad at Jerry Reese . I was n’t bitter about it . I was upset . I was heartbroken a little bit , but understood the consequences in where we were in the season and what was going on , but I just could n’t accept those rules . ” Manning said he might have agreed to it if he was told he could remain in the games if he had been playing well . “ I probably would ’ve been OK with that , but , again , I do n’t like to deal with the what-if phase , ” he said . “ I guess things could ’ve been handled differently . Maybe I could have handled them differently or suggested that . It ’s just kind of the way it was , and I felt strongly about not doing it that way , and this is the way it turned out . “ And I ’m not happy about it . I ’m not happy about Jerry Reese getting fired or Ben McAdoo getting fired . That was not what I wanted or what I was trying to get done by saying I was n’t going to just start to be pulled . ” MORE : McAdoo and Reese were fired earlier Monday . In true Manning fashion , he had only good things to say about them . “ I ’ve got great respect for Coach McAdoo , ” Manning said . “ We have a great relationship . Four years . When he became the offensive coordinator , we were coming off a tough season . I ’d thrown 25 or 27 interceptions and led the league , and we fixed things . And it was n’t always perfect , but we came a good offense again , and we were scoring points and doing a lot of good things . And obviously making the playoffs last year in his first year as the head coach . So I do appreciate him . ” But Manning admitted it was hard for him not to line up under center for Sunday ’s game in Oakland . MORE : “ I love playing quarterback for the New York Giants , and I love this organization and the relationships that I ’ve built , ” he said . “ I came here . I was 23 years old and just a little kid , and I ’ve kind of grown up around the people in the organization . … I ’ve loved every second , and a part of me was kind of taken away when that was said . ” ESPN reported Monday that Manning is expected to return to the starting lineup Sunday against the Cowboys . But the QB said Monday afternoon he had not received word from interim head coach Steve Spagnuolo about who the starter will be . “ I do not know for certain , ” he said . “ I hope I am ( the starter ) . ” As for Manning ’s future , all he knows is he wants his career to resume . “ I do n’t know what ’s going to happen next year , I really do n’t , ” he said . “ I know I want to keep playing football . I think I ’ve got a lot of good football left in me . ”	Eli Manning On WFAN : Benching Felt Like ‘ Part Of Me Was Kind Of Taken Away ’
More than two years after the Supreme Court made marriage equality the law of the land , the justices are getting ready to decide whether business owners can cite their religious faith to deny service to same-sex couples . Members of the LGBTQ community will be watching the Supreme Court closely on Tuesday when it hears the case of Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission . The issue , simply put , is whether Colorado baker Jack Phillips was illegally discriminating against a same-sex couple or just exercising his right to religious freedom when he refused to create a cake for a wedding ceremony he viewed as sacrilegious . Before oral arguments even begin , a coalition of more than 80 pro-LGBTQ organizations is spreading the word about the case ’s long-lasting implications . Calling itself Open to All , the alliance is spearheaded by the Movement Advancement Project ( MAP ) , an independent think tank focused on LGBTQ causes , and includes the American Civil Liberties Union , GLAAD and the Human Rights Campaign among its supporters . Open to All aims to show people how a Supreme Court victory for the baker would “ open the door to sweeping discrimination ” far beyond the queer community . The campaign launched last week with a website that breaks down the case in detail and features a pair of emotional videos that depict diverse people being rejected by business owners . “ As Americans , we decided long ago that when a business opens their doors to the public , they should serve everyone , on the same terms , ” says a voiceover in the first video , which can be viewed above . “ Imagine how you would feel if you were kicked out of a business simply because the owner did n’t want to serve people like you . ” “ Nobody should be turned away from a business simply because of who they are , ” says a woman in the second clip , which can be seen below . A Supreme Court decision for Phillips would have ramifications “ that reach far beyond bakeries , ” according to MAP . “ We could see an explosion of discrimination by restaurants , hair salons , event venues , funeral parlors and more , ” Ineke Mushovic , executive director of MAP , said in a statement . In addition to LGBTQ people , Mushovic warned the ruling “ could be used to allow discrimination against people of color , women , minority faiths , people with disabilities , and others . ”	Supreme Court 's Wedding Cake Case Is About More Than Gay People , Activists Warn
The future looks increasingly uncertain for workers . Machines and algorithms are getting smarter , threatening to replace a widening share of the workforce . Thinkers across the ideological spectrum have debated the impact this would have on our economy , let alone how a shrinking workforce would turn our established social order on its head.As fears about the impact of automation grow , the idea of a “ robot tax ” is making headway . In a recent interview , Bill Gates argued in favor of taxing robots which end up taking over human jobs . Earlier this year , European Union lawmakers voted on a resolution to regulate the rise of robots that includes a robot tax , which it finally rejected . Whether we agree with the idea or not , it is easy to sense that our current system was not designed to deal with a market dominated by machines . If nothing is done , we could soon live in a world where taxes pay for robots , but robots do n’t pay taxes.Creating tax disincentives could be one way of countering technology ’s displacement effect . If the speed of automation is too fast for society to control , it could end up doing more harm than good . A robot tax could slow down automation , allowing us to manage the massive displacement of workers created by automation-driven technologies.With business owners expected to receive a much larger share of the profits made from automation than workers , many economists foresee an increase in economic inequalities . While a robot tax can not solve this problem on its own , it could be used to finance retraining programs that help people gain skills that still give humans an edge over machines , like creativity and collaboration . At the same time , we could also focus on preparing people to work alongside automation.But if we were to tax robots , we would first need to come to an agreement on what a robot is . No matter how we approach this question , defining what a robot is in a way that is not arbitrary is inevitably tricky . We usually think of robots as machines lined up on an assembly line building cars or drones flying goods around warehouses.In reality , a robot is a “ combination of technologies that perform a defined task ” — a definition so broad that it can apply to nearly anything . Is it a smartphone ? Or a self-driving car ? And why should we single out robots ? If we were to tax robots , should n’t we tax other forms of technologies that increase automation?Apart from the ambiguity of the term ‘ robot ’ , another essential question is how much should we tax robots ? Some economists have argued determining a robot ’s salary by calculating the amount of work required by an individual doing a similar task . Still , in the future , we are likely to see robot-operated machines that have never been operated by people , and there will be no previous point of reference.There ’s also larger a question at play . Innovation is an essential component of a robust economy , and a robot tax could also have detrimental effects as it penalizes companies that deploy latest automation technologies . Others argue that , in essence , taxing robots is no different than taxing capital . Companies would react by passing the costs on to workers and buyers by lowering wages and increasing prices.Instead of taxing a company ’s technological capital , a more viable alternative could be a progressive corporate tax . The underlying idea is to tax success rather than innovation . The tax rate would depend on the volume of profit compared to expenses . This way a company that makes only a little bit of profit might pay 10 % tax on that profit ( i.e. small businesses ) while large , automated businesses will pay 40 % . However , a progressive corporate tax creates problems of its own . To start , it would require an international agreement . Otherwise , competition between states would make it impossible , creating a race to the bottom to retain economic activity in their jurisdictions.Perhaps calls for a robot tax are based on an overly negative view of what automation-driven technologies can do for humankind . Not all robots are a threat to human labor . Apart from increasing productivity , the technologies of what some are referring to as ‘ the fourth industrial revolution ’ may just continue to liberate us from drudgery.Looking at the impact technology has had in the past can allay our fears . A recent report by Deloitte showed how new technologies created more jobs over the last 140 years than they have replaced . In the end , maybe our fears about AI and robots taking over our jobs are simply overblown . Regardless , what is certain is that we need to start thinking about what it means for the future of jobs and how we can prepare for it .	Should we tax robots ?
The first-ever pizza party in space is getting sky-high reviews.Astronauts at the International Space Station posted pictures and a video over the weekend of their small , made-from-scratch pizza pies . The fixings flew up last month on a commercial supply ship , and the crew wasted little time pulling out the flatbread , tomato sauce , cheese , pepperoni , olives , olive oil , anchovy paste and pesto.After making their own individual-size pizzas , the six astronauts tossed and twirled them like floating Frisbees , before heating and devouring them.Commander Randy Bresnik called the pizzas " flying saucers of the edible kind . " The crew , he said in a tweet , " had a blast channeling our inner chef by building tasty pizzas for movie night . " " The IPDS ( Intergalactic Pizza Devouring Squad ) says 12 thumbs up ! " Bresnik added.NASA 's space station manager , Kirk Shireman , took pity on Italian astronaut Paolo Nespoli 's pizza craving and , in mid-November , shipped up all the ingredients on an Orbital ATK capsule . Nespoli , in orbit since July , declared the pizza " unexpectedly delicious . " Nespoli has just over a week before returning to true Italian cuisine . He will land in Kazakhstan on Dec. 14 , along with Bresnik and a Russian .	The Space Station Just Had Its First Pizza Party
Biggest discovery of 2017 : We love maple , bacon and brie together . And so does the world . Anytime the three join forces , everything just seems right . And bread only makes it better . Enter Maple Bacon Brie Pull-Apart Bread.BUY NOW : OXO Serrated Knife , $ 14.95 , amazon.com.Chelsea LupkinIf you know us at all , you know this is n't our first pull-apart bread rodeo . It 's not even our first go at maple bacon pull-apart bread . But this bread is something very special . It 's a hot cheesy appetizer that you and your friends can literally pull apart and destroy . The satisfaction is real.There are two types of pull-apart breads in this world . With one , you 're stacking thin layers of dough together , usually with something saucy or cheesy in-between , then baking it as a loaf . With the second , you 're taking a big round loaf , crosshatching the sh*t out of it with a serrated knife , and stuffing it with anything ( or everything ) your heart desires . This bread is of the latter category.Chelsea LupkinTo be completely honest , stuffing all the crevices with shredded cheese is a kind of a pain ( even though it 's worth it ) . Stuffing them with sliced brie is significantly easier , though still messy . ( Again , worth it . ) Brushed with herbed butter , it 's good enough with just the cheese . But if you know what 's good for you , you 'll top the whole thing with maple bacon , too .	Maple Bacon Brie Pull-Apart Bread Will Haunt Your Dreams
Both ABC ’s “ Grey ’s Anatomy ” and “ Modern Family ” broke into the top 10 of the Live +7 key demo ratings during week 8 of the 2017-2018 broadcast season , which began on Nov. 13 . According to Nielsen data , “ Grey ’s Anatomy ” went from a 1.8 to a 3.3 for an increase of 83 percent . “ Modern Family ” was close behind , rising from a 1.7 to a 3.1 for an 82 percent increase . “ Modern Family ” was returning from a two-week hiatus , with its rating in the key demo rising by nearly 17 percent compared to the last original episode to air before that in the Live + Same Day ratings . “ Grey ’s Anatomy , ” meanwhile , was down very slightly in both measures in the first episode to air after its 300th aired on Nov. 9 . Elsewhere in Live +7 , “ This Is Us , ” “ The Good Doctor , ” and “ The Big Bang Theory ” held onto their top spots in both measures . ABC claimed 9 of the top 25 spots in the key demo rankings , while CBS claimed 13 of the top 25 spots in total viewers . Read a complete breakdown of the Live +7 ratings below . Top 25 Broadcast Series Live +7 Adults 18-49 Series Network Air Date Live + SD Adults 18-49 Live +7 Adults 18-49 +7 Actual Gain +7 Percent Gain THIS IS US NBC 11/14/2017 2.6 4.8 +2.2 +85 % THE GOOD DOCTOR ABC 11/13/2017 1.9 3.8 +1.9 +100 % THE BIG BANG THEORY CBS 11/16/2017 2.6 4.3 +1.7 +65 % GREY ’S ANATOMY ABC 11/16/2017 1.8 3.3 +1.5 +83 % MODERN FAMILY ABC 11/15/2017 1.7 3.1 +1.4 +82 % YOUNG SHELDON CBS 11/16/2017 2.0 3.2 +1.2 +60 % HOW TO GET AWAY WITH MURDER ABC 11/16/2017 0.9 1.9 +1.0 +111 % CRIMINAL MINDS CBS 11/15/2017 1.0 2.0 +1.0 +100 % THE ORVILLE FOX 11/16/2017 0.9 1.9 +1.0 +111 % EMPIRE FOX 11/15/2017 2.0 3.0 +1.0 +50 % CHICAGO PD NBC 11/15/2017 1.2 2.2 +1.0 +83 % DESIGNATED SURVIVOR ABC 11/15/2017 0.8 1.7 +0.9 +113 % SCANDAL ABC 11/16/2017 1.1 2.0 +0.9 +82 % THE GIFTED FOX 11/13/2017 1.0 1.9 +0.9 +90 % AMERICAN HOUSEWIFE ABC 11/15/2017 1.3 2.1 +0.8 +62 % THE GOLDBERGS ABC 11/15/2017 1.5 2.3 +0.8 +53 % S.W.A.T. CBS 11/16/2017 0.9 1.7 +0.8 +89 % SEAL TEAM CBS 11/15/2017 1.1 1.9 +0.8 +73 % SCORPION CBS 11/13/2017 0.8 1.5 +0.7 +88 % NCIS : NEW ORLEANS CBS 11/14/2017 1.1 1.8 +0.7 +64 % SURVIVOR CBS 11/15/2017 1.7 2.4 +0.7 +41 % FLASH CW 11/14/2017 1.0 1.7 +0.7 +70 % FAMILY GUY FOX 11/19/2017 0.9 1.6 +0.7 +78 % BLACKLIST NBC 11/15/2017 0.9 1.6 +0.7 +78 % BLACK-ISH ABC 11/14/2017 1.1 1.7 +0.6 +55 % Top 25 Broadcast Series Live +7 Total Viewers Series Network Air Date Live + SD AA ( 000 ) Live +7 AA ( 000 ) +7 Actual Gain +7 Percent Gain THE GOOD DOCTOR ABC 11/13/2017 10218 17135 +6917 +68 % THIS IS US NBC 11/14/2017 10052 16148 +6096 +61 % THE BIG BANG THEORY CBS 11/16/2017 13438 18283 +4845 +36 % DESIGNATED SURVIVOR ABC 11/15/2017 4053 8519 +4466 +110 % BLUE BLOODS CBS 11/17/2017 9253 13395 +4142 +45 % CHICAGO PD NBC 11/15/2017 6390 10349 +3959 +62 % BULL CBS 11/14/2017 10359 14241 +3882 +37 % CRIMINAL MINDS CBS 11/15/2017 5640 9400 +3760 +67 % NCIS CBS 11/14/2017 13088 16745 +3657 +28 % NCIS : NEW ORLEANS CBS 11/14/2017 9699 13324 +3625 +37 % GREY ’S ANATOMY ABC 11/16/2017 7529 11073 +3544 +47 % YOUNG SHELDON CBS 11/16/2017 11834 15374 +3540 +30 % MODERN FAMILY ABC 11/15/2017 5944 9303 +3359 +57 % SEAL TEAM CBS 11/15/2017 7241 10558 +3317 +46 % S.W.A.T. CBS 11/16/2017 6264 9484 +3220 +51 % NCIS : LOS ANGELES CBS 11/19/2017 6955 9911 +2956 +43 % SCORPION CBS 11/13/2017 4746 7695 +2949 +62 % BRAVE NBC 11/13/2017 5025 7963 +2938 +58 % MADAM SECRETARY CBS 11/19/2017 5866 8797 +2931 +50 % BLACKLIST NBC 11/15/2017 5893 8796 +2903 +49 % THE ORVILLE FOX 11/16/2017 3316 6155 +2839 +86 % HAWAII FIVE-0 CBS 11/17/2017 9175 11875 +2700 +29 % LETHAL WEAPON FOX 11/14/2017 3857 6401 +2544 +66 % HOW TO GET AWAY WITH MURDER ABC 11/16/2017 3721 6213 +2492 +67 % SCANDAL ABC 11/16/2017 4974 7462 +2488 +50 %	Delayed Viewing Ratings : ‘ Grey ’s Anatomy , ’ ‘ Modern Family ’ Surge in Week 8
Campaign contributions he received from businesses while serving in Congress wo n't pose any conflicts with his leadership at a consumer watchdog , federal budget director Mick Mulvaney said Monday . The declaration came as Mulvaney outlined policy and enforcement shifts he 's weighing while serving as acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , including a different position on the watchdog 's new payday lending rule . " It 's not at all unusual for a new administration to change positions on various policies , " Mulvaney said during an afternoon briefing with media reporters . " This place will be different ... than it was under Mr. ( Richard ) Cordray , " who resigned as the bureau 's director late last month , he added . While serving as a Republican House member from South Carolina , Mulvaney criticized the consumer bureau rule that requires providers of payday loans , auto title loans , and other small-dollar advances to determine in advance whether borrowers can afford to repay the debts . The rule , which requires compliance as of August 2019 , also limits lender efforts to debit borrowers ' checking accounts , a practice that imposes extra fees . Payday lenders gave $ 31,700 in 2015-16 federal campaign cycle contributions to Mulvaney , ranking him ninth among all congressional recipients from the sector , according to data analyzed by the Center for Responsive Politics . Asked whether the contributions influenced his position on the rule and could pose a conflict of interest , Mulvaney said , " I do n't think so , because I am not in elected office anymore . " He added that he had no plans for any future political races . More : Payday lending group plans to sue the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Senate overturns new rule allowing class-action suits against banks A payday lending organization plans to file a lawsuit against the consumer bureau , arguing that the rule exceeded the watchdog 's constitutional and statutory authority and would cause arbitrary harm to lenders and borrowers , USA TODAY reported last week . Mulvaney said he would not comment on current or potential lawsuits against the consumer bureau . However , he welcomed Friday 's announcement that some House Republicans and Democrats had introduced a measure aimed at using the Congressional Review Act to repeal the payday lending rule under the CRA . Congressional approval and signing by President Trump could make the industry group 's lawsuit plan unnecessary . Follow USA TODAY Money on Facebook " I would support the Congress moving forward with the CRA , " said Mulvaney . The Republican-controlled Congress previously used the same roll-back process to nullify a rule that would have enabled consumers to resolve disputes with banks , credit card issuers , and other financial service providers by joining class-action lawsuits against the companies . Consumers typically are required to pursue such disputes through individual arbitration proceedings . Follow USA TODAY reporter Kevin McCoy on Twitter : @kmccoynyc	Mick Mulvaney : Payday lending campaign contributions pose no conflicts of interest
ING 's Patel Expect Pound to Rally European stocks struggled for traction following a mixed session in Asian markets , as investors weighed the latest developments in efforts to overhaul tax in the world ’s largest economy . Treasuries edged lower and the dollar steadied.The Stoxx Europe 600 declined as a slump in industrial metals dragged mining shares lower and investors continued to rotate from technology stocks . Earlier , benchmark indexes fluctuated in Tokyo , while shares in Hong Kong and Shanghai fell even as a report showed the service sector expanded more firmly last month than in October . Sterling weakened as talks continued to resolve the Irish border question and non-food retail sales data disappointed . The euro slipped even as indicators showed economic momentum accelerated to its fastest pace in over six years in November . Most European government bonds rose , with Greek bonds outperforming after progress on the country ’s bailout.In the U.S. , House and Senate lawmakers are poised to begin working on compromise tax-overhaul legislation -- a key step in their drive to send a bill with tax cuts for corporations and individuals to President Donald Trump by the end of the year . A global stock rally that has led indexes to record highs has stalled so far this month as investors lock in profits in tech stocks , the year ’s best performers , and switch to firms seen benefiting most from a potential reduction in the corporate tax rate such as banks . “ It ’s been noticeable that there has been a distinct sector rotation over the last week which is impacting the momentum of the market , ” Jim Reid , global head of credit strategy at Deutsche Bank AG in London , wrote in a note to clients.Elsewhere , oil extended losses below $ 58 a barrel before U.S. government data forecast to show crude stockpiles decreased for a third week . The Australian dollar advanced to the strongest in more than three weeks on better-than-expected retail sales data and comments on inflation from the central bank.Terminal customers can read more in our Markets Live blog.Here are some of the key events facing markets in the coming days : The non-manufacturing ISM index is forecast to drop to 59 from 60.1 . The European Commission College of Commissioners discusses Brexit on Wednesday and will likely make its recommendation on whether sufficient progress has been made to move negotiations onto the future relationship.The U.S. faces a partial government shutdown after money runs out on Dec. 8 if Congress ca n’t agree on a spending bill by then.U.S . employers probably hired at a robust pace in November as the unemployment rate held at an almost 17-year low . The Labor Department ’s jobs report Friday may also show a bump up in average hourly earnings.Other countries setting monetary policy this week include Brazil , Canada , and Poland.These are the main moves in markets : StocksThe Stoxx Europe 600 Index decreased 0.2 percent as of 9:36 a.m. London time.The U.K. ’s FTSE 100 Index jumped 0.2 percent.Germany ’s DAX Index fell 0.2 percent.Japan ’s Nikkei 225 Stock Average decreased 0.4 percent.The MSCI Asia Pacific Index declined 0.1 percent to the lowest in almost three weeks.The MSCI Emerging Market Index dipped 0.4 percent.Futures on the S&amp;P 500 Index increased 0.1 percent to 2,639.75 . CurrenciesThe Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index was unchanged.The euro fell 0.1 percent to $ 1.1852 . The British pound decreased 0.5 percent to $ 1.3411 . The Japanese yen declined 0.1 percent to 112.53 per dollar.BondsThe yield on 10-year Treasuries advanced one basis point to 2.38 percent.Germany ’s 10-year yield fell two basis points to 0.33 percent.Britain ’s 10-year yield decreased three basis points to 1.261 percent.Japan ’s 10-year yield increased one basis point to 0.046 percent , the highest in almost three weeks.CommoditiesWest Texas Intermediate crude declined 0.3 percent to $ 57.27 a barrel , the lowest in two weeks.Gold dipped less than 0.05 percent to $ 1,275.66 an ounce.Copper fell 2 percent to $ 3.03 a pound , the lowest in two months . — With assistance by Hooyeon Kim , and Vassilis Karamanis	Stocks Struggle as Miners Weigh ; Brexit Saps Pound : Markets Wrap
It ’s kind of amazing how Dorothy ’s perspective changed in one encounter with the man behind the curtain . Her prior assumptions faded . Her confidence grew . And that was my experience with this assignment . “ Hiring decisions are n’t often made based on market logic , and hiring is rarely a process in which everyone ’s role smoothly aligns ” ( Gershon , 185 ) . Had it not been for this particular blog assignment , I may have never understood what Gershon was talking about in her chapter , The Decision Makers , in Down and Out in the New Economy . But having had the opportunity to speak , interact with , and interview my job mentor , it makes complete sense now . “ I run a family business — and by that I mean everyone I hire I treat as if they were my brothers , sisters , or kids , ” Ms. Lara Halabi begins when I asked her about hiring and firing decisions . “ Otherwise , for hiring : making sure they are a good fit for the company , it ’s very important to check references and do a background check . We normally have a 2 week trial period when we hire someone and then have them on a “ probation period ” for 3 months until they are officially hired . We offer a lot of seasonal employment , as well , and often rehire prior employees in good standing — their three months can be achieved that way , as well . Also making sure they are hard workers and being autonomous . ” Some of her sentiments contradict Gershon ’s claim that “ recruiters meanwhile are largely focused on hiring people as quickly as possible ” ( 202 ) . But Ms. Halabi is n’t a recruiter or HR specialist for her shop — she owns and operates it , completely . I ’ve rented out the lower level of my house , I did n’t just pick any random person off the street or every creepy Craigslist reply.Ms . Halabi owns Fluffy Thoughts Cakes in McLean , VA.Fluffy Thoughts Cakes : McLean , VA , Washington D.C. &amp; BaltimoreWhether looking for something specific or for a little inspiration , visit our galleries to view our recent creations … www.fluffythoughts.comI was fortunate enough to be invited to visit the bakery . I can attest to her ‘ family business ’ sentiment.Ms . Halabi employs 12 bakers , 3 dishwashers , and 2 delivery drivers . She interacts with everyone as if she knows them all on a level more intimate than the ‘ boss-employee ’ paradigm.I asked Ms. Halabi if understanding hiring and firing was easy or a learned practice based on Gershon ’s assertion that “ Even if job seekers had never been recruiters , they could still find out some information by attending free workshops ” ( 186 – 7 ) . Her response seemed to mirror Gershon ’s claim : “ I ’m not going to [ expletive deleted ] you — I had no idea what [ expletives deleted ] I was doing when I started this venture . Baking and , to some extent , cooking , have always been hobbies . I went to school at to be a child psychologist . My Masters from Marymount is in Counseling Psychology , my undergrads were in Psychology and Art Therapy . “ As I grew older , art became more of a passion for me so I decided to marry that passion with my culinary talents , did the pastry program at L’Acadamie De Cuisine in Gaithursburg in the evenings while working for Fairfax County during the day , and once I graduated . . . opened Fluffy Thoughts . . . Luckily our local library had a few small-business and entrepreneur classes I was able to take because my first four employees were all friends of mine I could trust . Hiring beyond that was very foreign and stressful . ” HomeL ' Academie de Cuisine is a top culinary school and pastry school offering day and evening professional programs … lacademie.comI would later learn that Ms. Halabi rents rooms in her home to two of her employees . She pays every employee personally , every week , and talks with them for 5 – 10 minutes ( strictly relating to work performance ) . In terms of the average reader being able to take anything away from this experience , I understand I ’m dealing with the exception and not the norm . But with aspirations of starting a small-business , myself , this has been extremely relevant to me.Gershon states that “ while not every HR professional views him - or herself as a strategist for the future , HR professionals do invariably see themselves as organizing the nitty-gritty details of hiring ” ( 199 ) . This is doubly true when you ’re also the owner.When I shared this quote from my reading with Ms. Halabi — “ My philosophy , as an HR person , when I come into a company , is I represent the company . My job is to keep the company out of jail , out of court . So if something is going wrong and an executive is doing it , I ’m going to be neutral . If it ’s an employee , I ’m going to be neutral . I ’m not going to take the side of an executive because they have an opinion . I ’m going to take the side of the law ” ( 197 ) . Her response was “ it ’s so so true . The first person I had to fire was one of the original 4 friends I brought on board . And even though I have a three strike rule regarding write-ups for incidents , it did n’t make it any easier when I had to let her go . But not only is this business my livelihood — it ’s the livelihood of the other people that work with me , you know ? If it fails because an employee broke the law or did something unsafe , I ca n’t be liable for that . It is n’t easier — it just softens the blow . ” At the same time , Ms. Halabi understands she has laws to follow , too . “ For firing people , this is the hardest part of my job , but taking the business aspect of it and how they ’re affecting the business and making sure to take emotions out of it if they are not a good fit . Making sure they understand why they are being fired and also that they have been written up for the things that they have done wrong on the job . Proper documentation is key . ” When asked how she weighed personnel and financial decisions in making these hiring or firings , her response was this : “ Since our business is seasonal , meaning that we are busier during the wedding months , I have a staff that works year round and then I hire people as we get busier and let them know that it ’s seasonal and they will be let go once we start slowing down . I do let them know that if a position opens up there is a possibility they can stay on . We never hire anyone that we ca n’t afford , even if they are a good fit . When it comes to firing we typically have a managers meeting to discuss firing the person before letting them go and talk about what we can do as a team to take over that persons position before letting them go . ” This chapter of Gershon was hard for me to interpret as I have no experience hiring or firing people . With my military background , I also do n’t have much job experience in general . The one civilian job I did have I quit on good terms and was never more than an associate . It was incredibly beneficial to interview someone who is what I aspire to be — a self-made business owner . I think the most surprising aspects of this experience were how close-knit you could be with your employees . I come from two corporate jobs — your boss was your boss . As I moved up in rank in the Army and became someone ’s boss , they were n’t also my friend . This shift in thought will not only expand my options as I begin my venture , but also help me should I ever be presented with a need to apply through someone ’s HR department.It ’s kind of amazing how my perspective changed in one encounter with the ( wo ) man behind the curtain.And that , my friends , is a horse of a different color .	Pay Attention To The Woman Behind The Curtain
Marley Paekau started out playing a cardboard violin . It was part of the rules of Sistema Waikato . Once students learned how to look after and hold their cardboard instrument , they could swap it for a real one . Marley , 9 , is one of Sistema 's many students performing in their annual End of Year Extravaganza - with real instruments . It was n't long for the Nawton School pupil to graduate to a three-quarter violin . Now she performs songs like Pokarekare Ana with ease . " When she first came home and told us about it , we just thought it was a class , " mum Kahu said . " When we actually came to a session and saw Sistema , it was a professional outfit and something we never would have been able to give to Marley . " Sistema Waikato is a community-based social development programme , which uses orchestral music as a model for enhancing social aspiration and building life skills in young children and their families . It is a free programme , eligible for all children from their partner schools in Nawton , Crawshaw , Rhode Street and Forest Lake . " It was a really big eye-opener , and for her to want to continue , and for her to embrace it , it was nothing we expected , " Kahu said . The Paekau 's have always been musical . Marley 's siblings Nolan Jnr and Reikura are also talented musicians . The family shares the singing , drumming and guitaring . Marley is also learning the ukulele and teaches the others a thing or two on the violin . " We all have a tutu , but we 're not masters yet , " dad Nolan said . Marley joined Sistema when she was around six-years-old . She was in the programme 's first intake of students , and hailed from Nawton School , Sistema 's base . After completing primary school , there are options to ensure Marley can persist with Sistema if she wants to . " " With Youtube , it makes it so easy to look at and practise . " Marley loves it now , and we 're all just in awe when we see it . I take my hat off to Sistema , " Nolan said . " Without it , we would n't have what we have now . " Sistema Waikato 's End of Year Extravaganza concert , Thursday , December 7 , 5.30pm-6.30 pm , food and chat 6.30pm-7pm . Entry by gold coin koha .	Musical Waikato whānau salute orchestral programme Sistema
Credit : NIAID Results from two Phase 1 clinical trials show an experimental Zika vaccine developed by government scientists at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases ( NIAID ) , part of the National Institutes of Health , is safe and induces an immune response in healthy adults . The findings will be published on Dec. 4 in The Lancet . NIAID is currently leading an international effort to evaluate the investigational vaccine in a Phase 2/2b safety and efficacy trial . " Following early reports that Zika infection during pregnancy can lead to birth defects , NIAID scientists rapidly created one of the first investigational Zika vaccines using a DNA-based platform and began initial studies in healthy adults less than one year later , " said NIAID Director Anthony S. Fauci , M.D. " NIAID has begun Phase 2 testing of this candidate to determine if it can prevent Zika virus infection , and the promising Phase 1 data published today support its continued development . " Investigators from NIAID 's Vaccine Research Center ( VRC ) and Laboratory of Viral Diseases , part of the Division of Intramural Research , developed the investigational vaccine , which includes a small , circular piece of DNA called a plasmid . Scientists inserted genes into the plasmid that encode two proteins found on the surface of the Zika virus . After the vaccine is injected into muscle , the body produces proteins that assemble into particles that mimic the Zika virus and trigger the body to mount an immune response . NIAID developed two different plasmids for clinical testing : VRC5288 and VRC5283 . The plasmids are nearly identical , but they differ in specific regions of the genes that might affect protein expression and therefore immunogenicity . In August 2016 , NIAID initiated Phase 1 trials of the VRC5288 plasmid in 80 healthy volunteers aged 18 to 35 years at three sites : the NIH Clinical Center in Bethesda , Maryland ; the Center for Vaccine Development at the University of Maryland School of Medicine 's Institute for Global Health in Baltimore ; and Emory University in Atlanta . Participants received a 4-milligram dose via a needle and syringe injection in the arm muscle . Participants received either two or three doses of the vaccine at varying time intervals , all at least four weeks apart . In December 2016 , NIAID initiated a separate trial testing the VRC5283 plasmid . This study took place at the NIH Clinical Center and enrolled 45 healthy volunteers aged 18 to 50 years . All participants received either two or three 4-milligram doses of the vaccine at varying time intervals . Trial investigators also tested different delivery regimens to see which was the most immunogenic . Some participants received the vaccine via a needle and syringe , while others received the vaccine from a needle-free injector that pushes fluid into the arm muscle . Additionally , some participants had the total vaccine dose divided with one shot administered in each arm . Vaccinations were safe and well-tolerated in both trials , although some participants experienced mild to moderate reactions such as tenderness , swelling and redness at the injection site . Scientists analyzed blood samples obtained from participants four weeks after their final vaccinations . They found that 60 to 89 percent of participants generated a neutralizing antibody response to VRC5288 , whereas 77 to 100 percent of participants generated a neutralizing antibody response to VRC5283 . The participants who received the VRC5283 plasmid vaccine via the needle-free injector all generated a neutralizing antibody response and had the highest levels of neutralizing antibodies . In addition , participants who received the vaccine in a split-dose administered to both arms had more robust immune responses than those receiving the full dose in one arm . NIAID investigators concluded that VRC5283 showed the most promise and advanced it into an international efficacy trial in March 2017 . The trial aims to enroll at least 2,490 healthy participants aged 15 to 35 years in areas of confirmed or potential active mosquito-transmitted Zika infection in the continental United States and Puerto Rico , Central and South America . The study is further evaluating the investigational vaccine 's safety and ability to stimulate an immune response , and will attempt to determine if it can prevent disease caused by Zika infection . For more information about the Phase 1 and Phase 2 trials , visit ClinicalTrials.gov using identifiers NCT02840487 , NCT02996461 and NCT03110770 . Reference : M Gaudinski et al . Zika Virus DNA Vaccine Candidates are Safe and Immunogenic in Healthy Adults . The Lancet DOI : 10.1016 / S0140-6736 ( 17 ) 33105-7 ( 2017 ) . NIAID conducts and supports research -- at NIH , throughout the United States , and worldwide -- to study the causes of infectious and immune-mediated diseases , and to develop better means of preventing , diagnosing and treating these illnesses . News releases , fact sheets and other NIAID-related materials are available on the NIAID website . About the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) : NIH , the nation 's medical research agency , includes 27 Institutes and Centers and is a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . NIH is the primary federal agency conducting and supporting basic , clinical , and translational medical research , and is investigating the causes , treatments , and cures for both common and rare diseases . For more information about NIH and its programs , visit . NIH ... Turning Discovery Into Health ®	Gene-based Zika vaccine is safe and immunogenic in healthy adults
Foreign Affairs Minister Winston Peters says the West is too tough on China over freedom issues , given the country is lifting millions out of poverty . In his first major foreign policy speech in this new Government , delivered to the Confucius Institute of Wellington 's Victoria University on Tuesday morning , Peters indicated no major shift in New Zealand 's policy towards China . Trade and cultural links were highlighted , as was a general commitment to a " stable rules based [ international ] order " - although no specific mention of the dispute in the South China Seas was made . Near the end of the speech , after reciting a list of dates and institutions that had formed the relationship , Peters addressed civil rights issues . READ MORE : " New Zealand and China do not always see eye-to-eye on every issue ... but where we do have a different perspective we raise this in a way that is cordial , constructive , and hopefully clear , " Peters said . " We should also remember this when we are making judgements about China - about freedom and their laws : that when you have hundreds of millions of people to be re-employed and relocated with the change of your economic structure , you have some massive , huge problems . " Sometimes the Western commentators should have a little more regard to that and the economic outcome for those people , rather than constantly harping on about the romance of ' freedom ' , or as famous singer Janis Joplin once sang in her song : ' freedom is just another word for nothing else to lose ' . " In some ways the Chinese have a lot to teach us about uplifting everyone 's economic futures in their plans . " This aside was not included in the official text of the speech . Chinese citizens do not enjoy most of the civil rights that those in the West do . There are no free national elections , the Internet is heavily censored , freedom of expression restricted , and human rights activists have been recently detained without charge , according to Human Rights Watch . Meanwhile , the World Bank estimate that China has lifted almost 800 million people out of poverty since 1978 , the largest such uplift in human history . Opposition Foreign Affairs spokesman Gerry Brownlee did not take huge issue with Peter 's comments themselves - which present a somewhat-common view on China in the foreign policy community - but said it was rich for him to suddenly appear friendly to China . " I do n't think we are too tough on them , I think we understand the challenges they 've got but we do n't drop our own standards , but it 's extraordinary that Mr. Peters is making this case after so many years of telling New Zealanders that anyone who came from Asia was an issue , " Brownlee said . " He 's the man who has led the charge with all sorts of bias against China over a number of years . " New Zealand does have very strong relations with China and most New Zealanders understand that is a very good thing for us . " Peters was Foreign Minister during the negotiation of New Zealand 's free trade agreement with China in 2008 . During his speech he made a small mention of the attempt to " upgrade " the agreement , saying " I for one do not think it will be as easy as some people think . " This aside was also absent from the official text of the remarks .	Winston Peters says western world is too hard on China over freedom issues
Kiwi shot put colossus Tom Walsh has been handed the best of both worlds with Athletics New Zealand 's rejigged international series . The national body has put together a five-event programme for 2018 and moved it to March to dovetail with April 's Commonwealth Games , which should help attract a higher quality of athlete , both from New Zealand and offshore , as they use the events in their leadup to Gold Coast . Walsh , the world shot put champion and Rio 2016 bronze medallist , is the most significant beneficiary from Athletics NZ 's series revamp , with two purpose-built events to be staged in his respective " home " towns . The now annual Big Shot will return to Walsh 's resident city of Christchurch on March 16 , but it will be preceded by a new event , the Timaru Super Shot , to be staged in the champion athlete 's home town on March 14 . READ MORE : Walsh and fellow Kiwi international Jacko Gill have been named to headline the two spectator-friendly , inner-city shot events , with other international competitors to be added closer to the competitions . " Most of the season we 're living out of hotel rooms competing in Europe and North America , so having the chance to show what we can do in front of Kiwis is always a highlight , " said Walsh . " I 'm particularly excited to host some of the world 's best throwers in my home town of Timaru . Hopefully the locals will turn out in big numbers . " The Timaru event will be staged in the natural seaside amphitheatre of the Caroline Bay Soundshell , while Christchurch 's Big Shot will again utilise a CBD location , in Kilmore St. The series is completed by the Vertical Pursuit pole vault event , headlined by New Zealand 's Olympic bronze medallist Eliza McCartney , to be held in SkyCity 's Federal Street entertainment precinct on March 18 ; the Whanganui international track meet on March 21 at the iconic Cooks Gardens venue ; and the renamed Auckland Track Challenge , now dubbed the Sir Graeme Douglas International and moved back to west Auckland . The Whanganui meet will again feature the Sir Peter Snell International Mile ( in recognition of the Kiwi great 's world mile record of 1962 ) , while Auckland 's event at the Douglas Track and Field will feature spectator zones in the infield to allow fans to get closer to athletes . Athletics New Zealand high performance director Scott Goodman said the Commonwealth Games would loom large over the series for all the elite athletes taking part . " It 's an important part of the preparation for our team ahead of the Gold Coast , " said Goodman . " We expect the athletes will be firing and will be excited to compete in front of New Zealand fans . " Athletics New Zealand International Series : March 14 : Timaru Super Shot – Caroline Bay , TimaruMarch 16 : The Big Shot – Kilmore St , Christchurch CBDMarch 18 : SkyCity Vertical Pursuit ( pole vault ) – Federal St , Auckland CBDMarch 21 : Whanganui International Track Meeting - Cooks GardensMarch 25 : Sir Graeme Douglas International – Douglas Track &amp; Field , West Auckland	Tom Walsh to host two ' home-town ' events as Athletics NZ rejigs international series
One of several women who say they dated Roy Moore when they were teens — incensed he has disavowed any knowledge of her — has presented more evidence of their relationship , The Washington Post reported . Debbie Wesson Gibson showed the newspaper a scrapbook from her senior year of high school that contained a graduation card from Moore . " Happy graduation Debbie , " it read . " I wanted to give you this card myself . I know that you 'll be a success in anything you do . Roy . " A total of nine women have now come forward to say they dated Moore when they were teenagers and he was an assistant district attorney in his 30s , the Post reported . Gibson said she " wore like a badge of honor " her relationship with Moore until she began re-evaluating it in light of the accounts of other women — and his denial last week , a video of which Gibson said she has on her cellphone . " At 34 minutes and 56 seconds into the video , he says , unequivocally , ' I did not know any of them , ' " Gibson told the Post . " In that moment , it changed my perspective . I knew he was a liar . " Gibson , 54 , of Delray Beach , Fla. — a registered Republican — says she not only openly dated Moore , but later joined him in passing out fliers during his campaign for circuit court judge in 1982 and exchanged Christmas cards with him over the years , the Post reported . " Roy Moore made an egregious mistake to attack that one thing — my integrity , " she told the Post . " He called me a liar , " she added . She also told the Post that an interview by Beverly Young Nelson , who alleged Moore sexually assaulted her when she was 16 , and who presented her own yearbook as proof of their relationship , also spurred her to come forward again despite misgivings . " I just could n't imagine him doing something like that , " Gibson told the Post . " And then when I saw the interview from Beverly , and I saw his handwriting in her yearbook , my heart just sank . And when I saw what I knew to be Roy Moore 's handwriting , I just began to sob openly . " Gibson 's yearbook is filled with remembrances of Moore as a guest at her graduation , and of her first date with him . She said when she became engaged , Moore insisted on meeting her fiance to make sure he was " good enough for me , " the Post reported . " It takes what I thought was a very lovely part of my past , and it colors it , and it changes it irrevocably , " she said . " It changes it permanently . "	Women Debunks Moore With Proof : ' I Knew He Was a Liar '
As another wave of mergers looks set to alter the media and entertainment landscape , Wall Street investors seem enamored with the prospect of major change in the often beaten-down sector . Today ’s stock market action offered abundant signs of the fever . On a day when the Nasdaq and S&amp;P declined and the Dow 30 managed a meager 58-point gain , shares in Disney , Fox , Comcast , Viacom , Time Warner and CBS all surged between 1.5 % and 5 % . Discovery shot up 7 % and AMC added 6 % . Compared with the normally tip-toeing rhythms of media stocks , these are all sizable jumps . To anyone following the intensifying speculation about Disney ’s potential acquisition of Fox film and TV assets , the Monday movement suggests a deal could well be imminent . Fox shares gained 3 % and Disney ’s 5 % . One of the day ’s only decliners in the entire sector was Lionsgate , which slipped by a bit less than 1 % . As an independent player on the rise in recent years , the company has long been subject of merger rumors , especially with inveterate wheeler-dealer John Malone now a major shareholder . Sony , which has been mentioned as a potential suitor for Fox , also gave up a fraction on the day . While their stocks also put up modest gains today , AT&amp;T and Time Warner took a break from making news . The companies ’ waylaid $ 85 billion mega-merger and AT&amp;T ’s legal battle with the Department of Justice had been seen as a bottleneck that would need to be cleared before other deals could happen . Increasingly , though , media barons appear to be willing to drive aggressively even while under the caution flag . Looming large in their thinking is the disruption wrought this decade by Netflix , Apple , Amazon and other tech giants , which have the money and patience to slowly squeeze traditional players . As shares were trading hands during the trading session , Disney-Fox was certainly Topic A at today ’s opening day of the UBS media conference in Midtown Manhattan . The confab resumes Tuesday with keynote appearances by Viacom chief Bob Bakish and 21st Century Fox boss James Murdoch , among others . “ I do think further consolidation in media companies will happen , ” Netflix content chief Ted Sarandos during a newsmaking session in which he announced the return of sidetracked series House of Cards and speculated about Disney ’s OTT path . “ It ’s not just a matter of strategy , but a matter of survival in some cases . ” Michael Cavanagh , CFO of Comcast , was asked about the M&amp;A climate . While Disney is believed to be in pole position to take over Fox ’s assets , Comcast has also had discussions with the Murdochs , though Cavanagh did not directly address those talks . At Comcast , he said , “ our focus is on quality content , ” of which “ we got plenty . ” Contradicting the size-matters sentiment taking hold as companies grasp the scope of their battle with tech giants , he said , “ Quality content is going to be the coin of the realm , I would say , more than scale . ”	Media Stocks Surge — Has Wall Street Caught Merger Fever ?
Kiwis have spoken - and they want a ban on the plastic bag . But it remains to be seen if the coalition government are able to agree on action . A week since Stuff launched Bags Not , our campaign to get you thinking about your plastic bag use , thousands of you have voted in three separate polls to have your voices heard on the issue . Of 34,000 voters as of Tuesday morning , more than half wanted to see an outright ban on single-use shopping bags , while a fifth wanted to see a compulsory levy slapped on every bag given out . Ten per cent said bans and surcharges should be the responsibility of retailers , and just 16 per cent wanted bags to remain free . The really good news ? The Government seems to be finally sitting up and paying attention to what you have to say . The job of tackling plastic bag use and writing up legislation will be delegated to Association Environment Minister Eugenie Sage in the coming days . " Labour and the Greens had similar election policies on the use of plastic bags , favouring the UK model . This model is also favoured by Auckland Mayor Phil Goff who has publicly championed moving away from single-use plastic bags , " said Environment Minister David Parker - though he added it was too early to say what a solution might look like for New Zealand . " New Zealand First has previously stated they have concerns about the impact a statutory levy might have on the price of food , but have also stated publicly they would back phasing out plastic bags in favour of biodegradable alternatives . " Parker said the coalition partners stances were not dissimilar , and he was confident Sage would be able to formulate a policy everyone could live with . Kiwis do n't just talk the talk , it seems a lot are also walking the walk as well . A second poll of over 6000 Kiwis found almost half said they only used bags when they were stuck without a reusable option . A quarter reported trying to cut down , and a dedicated 15 per cent only used reusable options . Only 14 per cent said they used plastic bags consistently without worrying about it . When faced with the prospect of a levy , Kiwis were n't shy about digging into their pockets either . In a third survey , which attracted 4000 votes , only 17 per cent believed plastic bags should remain free . A little over 2000 voters wanted a ban , and the remainder voted to pay anywhere from five per cent up to 50c or more .	Kiwis want a ban on the bag , and legislation is looking increasingly likely
An international band of thieves that used dog excrement and multiple disguises as a decoy to bank distract staff while they stole valuables from safety deposit boxes and back offices has been jailed in Spain . Police arrested the group of five people this past weekend after CCTV footage from one heist in Cartagena in southern Spain revealed the group 's unusual MO . The gang enter a bank , in disguise , and pretend to be a group of random strangers with no connection to each other . The ruse begins when one of the team drops a pile of dog excrement on the ground near the entrance of the premises , sparking a loud and outraged conversation to garner the attention of staff and customers alike . “ They each played a different role ; one was in a suit , another dressed as a youth in a hoodie and baseball cap , one was an old person , one a woman and another had his hair up in a ponytail , ” a police spokesperson said , as cited by The Local . The gang have been linked to a series of at least 15 such heists across Spain : € 64,000 was taken in Guadalajara , € 42,000 in Albacete , almost € 13,000 in Toledo , € 10,000 in Valencia , € 7,000 in Cartagena y € 5,000 in Cadiz reports Las Provincias . Investigators found large amounts of international currencies in one of the group ’s getaway vehicles including euros , American dollars , Russian rubles and Turkish lira , among others . All the gang members were of Latin American origin , including three Colombians , one Cuban and one Mexican , and all are aged between 21 and 61 . The five have all been jailed and are awaiting trial .	Foul play : International gang who used dog sh*t as decoy arrested in Spain
REALITY star Jonny Mitchell is reportedly set to make his very own Love Island – after making a bid for his own isle off the coast of Florida worth £ 15million . The wannabe Richard Branson – who was busted while on the ITV2 show for faking his luxury lifestyle – has managed to earn a pretty penny or two thanks to Forex trading . jonny_mitchell1991 / InstagramNow , following the revelation he is set to make a staggering £ 1.2 MILLION within the space of a year thanks to business trading , he is reportedly looking to invest in his own , tropical paradise . Broad Key Island , which is situated off the coast of Florida , is reportedly up for sale – and with the help a few rich friends , Jonny has set his sights on it . Speaking to The Sun Online , a source revealed : “ He has investors helping him but yes he has . It will be $ 20,000,000 upwards , and he has plans to turn it into a love island . ” “ The plan is for him to buy it and develop it , before allowing wealthy couples the chance to hire the whole island along with a concierge service for the couples every needs . ” jonny_mitchell1991 / Instagramjonny_mitchell1991 / Instagram “ Literally the island is so secluded you could get up to anything and Jonny is sure that people will ! , ” they added . A secluded island may be just what the lothario needs right now – after a messy split from girlfriend , Stephanie Pratt . jonny_mitchell1991 / InstagramSpeaking on FUBAR Radio today , Jonny said : “ You ca n't hide from it , can you ? That 's life ! These things happen . " It 's a shame but sometimes these things just do n't work out . I 'm fine mate , yeah . " Stephen Leng told the listeners that Jonny " may or may not have split from his ex , " to which Jonny replied : " You only have to look at The Sun to see that we 've split . jonny_mitchell1991 / Instagram " I 'm feeling alright . I 'm a very optimistic person . I bounce back quite quickly . I 'm just going to push forward and carry on . " The Love Island star and Made In Chelsea favourite went their separate ways after a three-month romance in late November , with Steph accusing Johnny of cheating on her . She said her " heart is smashed " after seeing the allegations , writing : " I did n’t want to ever indulge more into my cryptic text abt calling the police - but now seeing his secret double life . WOW . " My heart is just smashed . So much deceit &amp; abuse . WHY . I ’m not a bad person ... why why why . " Getty - ContributorA screen grab of a message she received claims Jonny slept with two people at a club night in Exeter . There 's also an image of Jonny smiling beside a busty woman . Stephanie wrote alongside it : " I ca n’t tell if I ’m numb or in absolute shock ... " Got a story ? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 0207 782 4220	Jonny Mitchell ‘ buying his own £ 15m Love Island off the coast of Florida ’
PBS has announced a replacement program for Charlie Rose ’s eponymous interview show . The public broadcaster announced Monday evening that the time slot would be filled by broadcasts of Christiane Amanpour ’s current affairs program , “ Amanpour , ” which currently airs on CNN International . The show “ will be presented on an interim basis ” nationwide beginning Dec. 4 and will continue to air on CNN . “ Christiane Amanpour is a fearless and uncompromising journalist , ” Neal Shapiro , president of New York ’s PBS affiliate , said in a statement . “ We are pleased to welcome her to the PBS system and are gratified to offer this thorough and responsible news program to viewers nationwide . ” The network said it is still working on plans for a second public affairs program to follow Amanpour ’s slot . Amanpour is CNN ’s chief international correspondent and has worked at the network since 1983 . She has won every major television journalism award , including news and documentary Emmys and several Peabody Awards . News of the interim programming comes just two weeks after Rose ’s longtime show , “ Charlie Rose , ” was canceled by PBS after multiple women accused him of sexual harassment . CBS also fired the host from his duties at the network ’s show “ This Morning . " The scandal began after eight women told The Washington Post that Rose allegedly made unwanted sexual advances toward them , including groping them and making lewd phone calls between the 1990s and 2011 . More women , including a reporter at HuffPost , came forward to detail Rose ’s tactics of intimidation and harassment after the report was published . Rose issued a statement last month apologizing for some of his actions , but said he did “ not believe that all of these allegations are accurate . ” “ It is essential that these women know I hear them and that I deeply apologize for my inappropriate behavior . I am greatly embarrassed , ” Rose wrote in a statement posted to Twitter . “ I have behaved insensitively at times , and I accept responsibility for that , though I do not believe that all of these allegations are accurate . I always felt that I was pursuing shared feelings , even though I now realize I was mistaken . ”	PBS Announces Replacement For Charlie Rose 's Show Following Sexual Harassment Allegations
Wiivv In a retaillandscape where mass production is the norm , 3-D printing continues to offer unique possibilities . Shamil Hargovan , CEO and co-founder of Wiivv — which offers its own custom-fit products and also works with brands to bring custom products to the market — said 3-D printing remains a critical harbinger for change . “ Custom-fit does n’t have to be 3-D-printed , but at the moment , it ’s the best answer . It ’s the only reliable manufacturing technology available today that allows us to make completely custom one-off shoe parts — even unique from left and right — without cutting new tools or molds , ” he explained . He said that people increasingly want everything immediately and on-demand , and 3-D printing provides just the right fix . “ 3-D printing affords us the ability to create and deliver products in each continent , with no need for huge central factories , ” Hargovan said . “ It means we can deliver your custom product in seven days , not a month . It reduces shipping costs and environmental impact , and enables us to invest in local manufacturing . ” Hargovan continued that 3-D printing also results in happier customers . “ Offering a custom-fit product not only answers the question that all online shoppers have , ( for example , ‘ will this fit ? ’ ) but also improves the way you feel and function while wearing the product , adding a whole new level of value , ” he said . Casey Kerrigan , chairman of OESH Shoes — a brand that prints the entire sole for its sandals — forecasted that 3-D printing will continue to make waves . “ The biomechanics and comfort achieved with a 3-D-printed elastomeric sole are far better than what can be achieved with a sole made using traditional manufacturing practices , ” she said . “ And of course , footwear made using 3-D printing allows the possibility of customizing footwear based not just on fit but also on an individual ’s biomechanics . ” Dressing Up for Holiday Parties Helps Bolster Shoe Sales , Experts Say	Why 3-D Printing Is Picking Up Speed in the Footwear Industry
